It costs the Open Content Alliance as much as $30 to scan each book, a cost shared by the group’s members and benefactors, so there are obvious financial benefits to libraries of Google’s wide-ranging offer, started in 2004.
Falling prices mean that buyers are finding what they view as bargains.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
“The trouble is that once you’ve figured out someone’s presuppositions, you can write them off as right or wrong without having to deal with their arguments. . . .
With Republicans, meanwhile, Mr. Cuomo appears to be getting along swimmingly.
Finally I was off the hook.
After all the gestures toward scientific verification in the series, in the end E.M.’s “proof” circled back around to psychology and intention.
This was a great piece of work & I look forward to reading more if you actually do answer all 1000+ responses.
In June, Pdvsa took back operating and maintenance contracts for its working rigs from the contractors who held them.
He has done fairly well this far without my advice.
Organizations facing reduction or withdrawal of their grants have an opportunity to appeal.
The findings, the researchers said, suggest that gait speed may be a good predictor of long-term survival, even in people who otherwise appear basically healthy.
My heart goes out to the Family !!
Each time it occurs, I am struck by how paralyzing and isolating the experience is; it remains essentially impenetrable to people who can’t (or don’t care to) distinguish it from a random bad day.
As for colleges indoctrinating students to be future liberals, it doesn’t seem to be working.
Sleeping rooms cost extra but include all meals in the dining car: For the full route, one way, a “roomette,” with two seats that open into sleeping berths, starts at $379 plus seat fares; a family bedroom, for two adults and two children, begins at $608; and a two-person bedroom — the only accommodations with private toilet and shower — starts at $730.
An assistant has been charged with killing her boss, Linda Stein, a wealthy real estate broker, after an argument inside Ms. Stein’s Fifth Avenue penthouse.
Last night I attended a soccer game in South Carolina (Furman U.) and when a black player with an African sounding name for the opposing team stayed down with an injury (real or faked) a white fan behind me yelled: “Give him a banana!”
The writer is paving the way in a new chapter in humanity.
But sometimes what seems Surreal is quite mundane.
In the past, residents’ families often responded to such declines in care by suing, and regulators levied heavy fines against nursing home chains where understaffing led to lapses in care.
Rather than simply splitting the application from the browser's interface, Prism separates the processes.
An advantage of using cloning to obtain stem cells is that they would genetically match a patient’s cells, making it unnecessary to suppress the immune system if the stem cells are used in treatment.
As co-president, Mr. Fleming has been involved in trying to grapple with the bank’s subprime exposure.
If its metaphor of human life as imprisonment in one’s own body is terrifying, the horror is partly countered by its portrayal of the imagination as a means of ecstatic liberation.
The director, Joe Mantello, is on firmer ground here than in the current revival of the Terrence McNally wheezing farce “The Ritz.”
CHRIS RUSS: I would like to find an area where there is a footprint in one but no footprint in the other.
Thomas C. Short, the president of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, the parent of Local 1, will be sitting on the labor side of the table.
Sensei Furuya was Mr. Cavett’s Aikido instructor.
The contestant, who was competing to win free plastic surgery but lost, claimed that her sister had felt so guilty about mocking her appearance on the program that she killed herself.
In the side test, the driver’s side of a vehicle is struck by a barrier weighing 3,300 pounds and moving at 31 miles an hour.
Vikar can't see the Chinese Theatre from the window of room 939, but he can see the Hollywood Hills and the Magic Castle above Franklin Avenue.
Mr. Kelleher described receiving an urgent telephone call from a member of the staff who was scouring Chinatown with the artist, looking for just the right kind of ink and materials.
Along the park’s northern edge, vendors had set up small folding tables, selling bracelets, rings and other jewelry from local artisans, with prices ranging from $1 to $100.
And again, it’s moved downhill as though someone carrying something kicked it and it slid.
Louisiana and Illinois also adopted harsher interlock laws, said Kathryn Heineman, the St. Louis affiliate director of MADD.
The union's president, Ron Gettelfinger, Öwas reportedly pushing for G.M. to put more cash in the health care trust, while G.M. officials were arguing in favor of a mix that contained more stock.
“We’re just trying to get better, and at that second, I went crazy,” Barnes said.
And unlike the others in The Pack, he remained married to the same woman, the former Sylvia Ruzga, for 58 years, until her death in 1999.
Oh what’s there to debate?
Although MileyWorld has benefits like exclusive “webisodes” of the singer backstage, contests, games and access to her “secret diary,” it was the offer “to do our best” to secure an allotment of concert tickets for members that persuaded Mia’s mother, Debbie Piazza, to let her daughter join the club for $29.95.
Keep on writing..we need you in the mainstream media.
The whole global warming debate reminds me of the rule that if you say something enough times to enough people it becomes accepted as fact for no other reason that everybody is saying it.
Pierre Curtis had 26 points to lead the Dukes (7-2); Abdulai Jalloh added 20 points and 10 rebounds and Terrance Carter had 18 points and 12 rebounds.
The steamship company later sent him to run its office in Manila; he was there in January 1942 when the Japanese occupied the city and took him prisoner.
That’s corny and hokey, but what else can be done?
And compared with hydrogen fuel-cell cars, the infrastructure for electric cars already exists, requiring only more plugs in more places.
And both, the police say, were illegal immigrants from Colombia, Mr. Ortiz having been deported in 1999 after being sentenced to 25 years for cocaine convictions.
My heart goes out to Carol’s family.
My 17 year old daughter has attended single-sex, uniform wearing schools since second grade.
While they sizzled, I considered the rest of the menu.
AMES, Iowa, Nov.
PERSONAL SPACES: The master bedroom has 13-foot-high ceilings with walls of glass and beach views.
“By their fruits ye shall know them.”
They just tell it like it is.
People do whatever works for their situations.
Especially this particular night. #36 Rudeness followed by a complement, interesting juxtaposition.
According to a new survey, more companies are blocking MySpace in the workplace than are blocking oncoming rival Facebook.
Hassan Jassim, a shop owner, said that his sister-in-law was injured in the fighting and walked out of his house to see three dead bodies lying in the street.
He looks like a cue ball with legs, and his voice sounds like an overtaxed rock tumbler.
Mr. Hicks’s father said in a telephone interview that his son did not plan to challenge the control orders.
A complete wash-down of the school began on Wednesday and was completed on Thursday, school officials said.
Mr. MacDermot’s “Ode to the Arcane Borough” is a set of brightly swinging pieces for small jazz band and strings.
There were about 600 high school valedictorians among the 1,650 freshman in the class of 2006 (2,889 valedictorians applied).
Gay and lesbian activists have been asking the presidential candidates to sign a pledge that commits the next president to investing $50 billion by 2013 to combat AIDS around the world.
And that’s the difference between the Buddhist protests of four decades ago in Vietnam and those in Myanmar today.
It was a time when whitewater rafting and boating was just taking off as a mainstream activity.
At one point Mr. Watson’s crew halts an illegal fishing operation by drenching the boat with water cannons and then ramming it, only to be arrested later for attempted murder — a reversal for which the film blames the influence of Taiwanese mobsters operating illegal shark fin processing plants in Costa Rica.
The experience of those years, the rivalries, arguments, friendships and loves, all go into the mix.
But I’ve also reported on examples of quality teachers persecuted by insecure or dictatorial administrators for being active in the union, speaking to the press or merely having independent views on curriculum.
But almost 55 percent of all mobile phones sold today in the United States have the technology that makes such friend-and- family-tracking services possible, according to Current Analysis, which follows trends in technology.
At first I was enthralled and then I became uncomfortable, with newsreel footage of WWII in my mind.
Top-ranked Ohio State will play No. 2 Louisiana State for the national championship Jan.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
Senator Mark Pryor, Democrat of Arkansas, is among those pushing to rebuild the agency, a few million dollars at a time.
Today, they are the third-largest group of immigrants in the country, behind Irish and Indians.
TULSA 49, ARMY 39 Paul Smith passed for 390 yards and visiting Tulsa (8-3) had 622 yards of total offense.
It can support either conclusion – ON before OFF or OFF before ON.
Abandoned over half a millennium ago by the Hohokam people, the earthen ruins have been incongruously protected from the elements by a steel roof on stilts designed in 1928 by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr.
Michael Ritchie and I had also talked about her when there was a possibility she might succeed him at Williamstown.”
Because of that encounter, every child born is cursed from birth — unless the proper ritual/incantation is performed to lift the curse.
“Trust that the universe wont send you something you can’t handle”?
Of those, five students, all of whom were 14 or 15, reported being sexually active in the last school year.
Nearby is a rubber mat developed by Hitachi that, when placed on a mattress, monitors a person’s pulse, blood pressure and other data, then relays it to a nurse or family member.
John Holusha contributed reporting from New York.
Will this be taken into consideration in part of your peace plan?
Patrons share small round cocktail tables and have free glasses of wine.
My first thought when the movement of rocks came into evidence was that the cannon balls nudged them as they were rolling down the hill after being fired from a nearby valley (suggesting OFF before ON).
And the biggest daytime nonsporting activity may be shopping at the local flea market.
He mentioned the idea to a group of fourth-grade students.
It might sell those metal carcasses for scrap.
For the black majority, the rebellion was the worst of affronts, an institutionalized humiliation, and in December 1972 nationalist guerrillas attacked a farm in northeastern Rhodesia with rockets, starting a war that eventually took some 30,000 lives, with much of the insurgency mounted from nearby Zambia and Mozambique.
Mr. Steele resigned from that job on Thursday, but there was no word yesterday whether Mr. Hackett intended to step down as mayor.
My first thought was: let’s try to compute sun angles from the shadows.
They were, in the best possible way, like inhabitants of some exalted “Big Brother” household, “conversing” in spiraling, delving solos, duets and travel about the stage.
More to the point, the franchise’s time will pass without swift and wise action.
But I can’t stick around; I have to nip off and create some great art!
It's been around too long, and is far too rooted in this community, to be anything but authentic.
But inasmuch as aquavit is almost exclusively a Scandinavian thing, in Norway I found curiously few local boosters for so interesting and worthy a drink.
The twisted cold war calculations and domestic political posturing that turned the war into geopolitical theater explain events not just in the 1950s but in the ’60s as well, and perhaps, the author suggests in a brief epilogue, the current war in Iraq.
The Zune will be available in black, pink, green and red.
Merck withdrew Vioxx in September 2004, after a clinical trial proved that it increased the risks of heart attacks and strokes.
With 64,000 students, and plans to grow to more than 90,000 by 2020, Arizona State is trying to become the nation’s largest university, as it scrambles to keep up with the region’s surging population.
He kept to himself, stepping outside frequently to smoke cigarettes, but showed no hint of agitation or worry, they said.
Echoing the criticism of many scientists, Mr. Grunwald also said the plan does not go far enough to restore a natural water flow to the Everglades and depends on dubious technology for storing billions of gallons of water.
Compassion and love for ourselves returns, then our families, then others.
DynCorp officials said the tactics had prevented Mr. Karzai from being assassinated.
In Britain, doctors are government employees; despite what Mr. Giuliani is suggesting, none of the Democratic candidates have proposed to make American doctors work for the government.
“A lot of people think all of Broadway is closed,” said Chris Boneau, a spokesman for the Manhattan Theater Club, which is still showing “Mauritius” at the Biltmore.
They too have rights.
Mr. Glover is founder of the Philly Orchard Project, a nonprofit organization established earlier this year with the goal of planting fruit trees on Philadelphia’s vacant lots, creating “edible community centers,” Mr. Glover said.
“Dateline NBC” chronicled the boys’ journey; one newspaper hailed the surgeons as miracle doctors; and the twins’ mother, Arlene Aguirre, appeared on CNN and on the “Today” show.
If you believe in Libertarian values (”Give me Liberty or give me Death”, human rights come first, small gov’t is best, etc.), then the GOP is no place for you.
The belief that unlike in most of the rest of America, where they talk about tolerance of difference, in New York, we embrace, we celebrate difference.
The look also helps to highlight the merchandise.
It’s not unusual for an attendant to rush up, as at Flightcraft at Portland International Airport, and actually roll out a red carpet.
1948 – CIA subversion of elections in Columbia.
I see in the “on” picture that at least four balls on the road have motion blur, so I deduce that “on” was taken later, towards the end of a bombardment.
“That’s me, I’m in the driver’s seat,” he says.
Ask the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
When it started to pour and we went inside a hotel for tea and shelter, I ran into a fellow Long Islander desperate to speak English with a compatriot.
No!
It doesn’t cost a thing, and it’s ready to rock on Mac or PC (or Linux).
VERA WANG, the designer first known for her couture wedding dresses, someday hopes to have her own branded hotel or resort.
My favorite part about Fish’s column is the combatitve attitude he engenders in those who comment.
My kids are in a Waldorf school too, and I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Owners of agricultural land sometimes plant a few coconut palms, or graze a horse in the backyard, but ignore the laws that require them to “derive income primarily from agricultural activities on the property,” said Ian K. Costa, the director of planning for the County of Kauai.
Beckett gets $100,000 for finishing second, and his 2010 base salary increases $100,000 to $12.1 million.
Some universities have blanket policies that allow students to be excused for any religious holiday.
As Hollywood’s leading filmmaking talent, Mr. Spielberg has first pick of the best material on offer and draws other talent in his wake.
I completely agree with Donald Green’s post, although I haven’t decided who I will support yet.
In 1963, he graduated from the Rutgers Law School and a year later became a United States attorney.
Mr. Waits shows up as a broken-down guru named Kneller (Mr. Keret’s story is called “Kneller’s Happy Campers”) and his appearance precipitates a swerve from dark comedy into wild spiritual allegory.
I have experienced migraine aura without headaches for almost 40 years.
A higher portion of lighted cannonball would indicate a higher position of the sun overhead (i.e. closer to the 3 pm time mentioned in Fenton’s letter).
He wanted them to find connections between this text and previous readings, not offer casual opinions.
He or she could say Marx is wrong because the average work week has declined, while he predicted it would increase or that Marx is correct because income inequality is increasing in the United States.
The Federal Reserve responded last week to fears that all the problems in housing and credit markets could cause a recession by cutting a key interest rate by a bigger-than-expected half point.
As the script is rewritten, characters played by Michael Clarke Duncan and Camryn Manheim interject (sometimes on Felix’s own computer) to protest that their roles have been diminished.
The school lunch program, like millions of businesses small and large, uses PayPal to process their payments.
My conversion from video game critic to buyer is due in large part to some recent research showing that so-called active video games, like those played on the Wii, aren’t like the sedentary games played by the Atari generation.
I have.
Hajj Muhammad Abdul Karim, 56, said his two children and two grandchildren were killed by one mortar strike two months ago.
Good news in a small package for the forensic expert who directed the identification of World Trade Center remains.
But marrying her involved too much paperwork, he insisted.
Often, Vietnamese food loses its oomph when gussied up, but Tamarind Tree managed to blend style (black lacquer, bamboo accents) with dishes as authentic as any I've eaten in this country.
Mr. Greason’s neighbor, Scaled Composites, is working on a successor vehicle to its SpaceShipOne.
If we would get pictures with a better resolution it might be possible to determine the time of day and from the shodow angles.
But Mr. Beckett’s Miles is about as creepy as a 10-year-old can be.
Southwest’s hedges used during the first nine months of 2007, which included options that allowed — but did not require — it to buy energy products at certain prices, cost $42 million.
About a third of Americans fall into that range, defined, less politely, as “overweight” by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
One suddenly remembers that in the “Aeneid,” written by another Campanian, the mythic entrance to the underworld is through Lake Averno, in Cumae, just west of Naples.
Watching the Disney Channel certainly couldn’t be any more damaging then spending an equivalent amount of time talking to me.
Eventually we did get a monitor and a VCR/DVD player for the occasional movie–and even that we limited.
75 Thumbnail A daily updated summary of highlights from the week in TV.
In Baltimore, the state attorney’s office established a witness security program that helps provide temporary housing to nearly 200 endangered witnesses a year.
Eventually he finished piecing together the unfinished work and paced the images to last the length of the full soundtrack.
UNITED NATIONS, Sept.
I identified with some of his paranoia.
Sometimes the dreams are scary enough to jolt the slumberer awake, in which case they meet the formal definition of nightmares — bad dreams that wake you up.
They pick the most bonehead idea and ride it for all it’s worth.
The awning of the Cafe de la Rotonde.
In this sense, the “on” photograph appears more artificial.
It’s annoying, but not really embarrassing, not like blanking on the name of someone you know well.
6 — As Europe continues to absorb shock waves from the crisis in the American mortgage market, leading financial figures here are starting to acknowledge that the turmoil could have a lingering effect on European banks and on broader economic prospects.
The affluent are paying more of the taxes because they’re making so much more money.
In addition, the University of Toledo spent $71,000 on additional deadbolts for residence hall rooms and $24,000 on a text-message alert system that officials said would be operating by October.
Now the worried traveler, motivated by promotional Web sites showing images of smiling natives in face paint and flocks of colorful exotic birds, hastens to the vulnerable Amazon.
“Now it is a growing phenomenon,” he said.
Among the weekend guests is Taylor (Michole Briana White), Kent’s super-bright, loquacious fiancée, whose own father, an eminent academic, broke her heart as a child by favoring his second family over Taylor and her mother.
These women cannot turn away from her cruel, pained, imploring eyes, and so we must bear witness too.
The postseason was really just not (Joe Buck, retire; Tim McCarver, go back to the bar).
In the year since Warner moved into original production for the Web, it has delivered just one project: Hardly News, a satirical pop-culture quiz show that had its premiere on Anheuser-Busch’s entertainment Web site, Bud.TV, in April.
This is the first time both Republicans and Democrats have held primaries since 2000, creating what is in effect a rivalry between two parties for independent voters.
The passage concerns the April 1855 bombardment and makes liberal use of what is known as the pathetic fallacy.
Tens of thousands of reservists and National Guard troops, whose jobs were supposedly protected while they were at war, were denied prompt re-employment upon their return or else lost seniority, pay and other benefits.
And in fact, better-financed systems do reduce the number of capital cases — coming closer, advocates say, to ensuring that the death penalty is reserved for the worst of the worst offenders.
Upon placing a winning bid, they proceeded to financing tables in the back — with no opportunity to further inspect the property or negotiate repairs.
He scored 13 goals in 58 games with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2003-4, but the next season was wiped out by the lockout, and Berard began having back problems after he signed with Columbus in 2005.
But the show remains an uneasy synthesis in which real life keeps tearing at the illusion that art strives to uphold.
Two people involved in the data gathering, who would speak only if they were not identified publicly because they had been ordered by NASA not to discuss the findings, said the answers indicated the Federal Aviation Administration had underestimated the rate of safety-related events.
Running time: 1 hour 30 minutes.
The process was developed in the 1950s and 1960s, but has never been used in Colorado for commercial mining, state officials said.
It’s something that I think is plausible for someone to do.
At a reception to honor U.C.L.A.’s new acting chancellor, a law professor named Norm Abrams, he greeted Abrams with a big smile and said, “Well, Norm, you’re stepping right into it, and you’ve got to deal with it.”
That’s why I instantly thought the cannonballs in “On” were placed carefully.
He later opened a public relations firm that eventually represented, among other clients, the Brooklyn Academy of Music and the State Symphony Orchestra of Mexico.
Paula M. Shugart, president of the Miss Universe Organization, which produces all three pageants, said that putting them on television for a youthful audience was part of an effort to signal transparency after weathering a bad spell.
Is there a greater pleasure than to get one up on Susan Sontag?
In one kindergarten class the other day, the students told the assistant teacher, Aura Feliciano, the colors they were wearing — rojo, amarillo, azul or anaranjado (red, yellow, blue and orange).
That reminded her of something.
The FT-HS provides a segue, if an awkward one, to the opposite end of the social responsibility scale here.
The hopes of local residents that Mueller will be an ideal city — a suitable mix of affordable housing, green space and plenty of small, independent businesses — have had to be continually balanced with the developer’s need to finance the project’s infrastructure.
AT first glance, Tiverton, R.I., may seem like just another small-town window onto the past.
But the stakes are higher for them than they have ever been for me.
When he interviewed for the Marlins managing job in October 2005, Girardi studied intensely and quickly won over their owner, Jeffrey Loria.
Sixty percent of emissions caused by making cement are from this chemical process alone, Mr. Luneau of Lafarge said.
That doesn’t mean it couldn’t happen another way.
In the whimsical new play “Doris to Darlene, a Cautionary Valentine,” an immortal melody from that broody old German composer is given a slick 1960s makeover to become a chart-topping hit.
On the other hand, they don’t seem to be accountable to Iraqi or U.S. law, either.
Parents tend to be referred there by desperate education officials, after other institutions have decided they cannot keep the child.
Crude futures eventually settled at $96.62, a 65 cent gain and the highest price in more than a month.
The headaches stopped altogether for several months.
“We’ve been shackled by FEMA’s approach,” said Col. Perry J. Smith Jr., acting director of the Governor’s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, which administers the program for the state.
For news tips and press announcements, please use the e-mail links on the blog home page to reach our writers and editors.
Lately, Joe Shay said Ryan had been complaining of nagging injuries, usually a hip flexor or quadriceps.
Because he didn’t have any.
Yali was a political leader and a member of a “cargo cult” that sprung up after World War II.
WE were in a canoe tethered to a submerged tree, fishing for piranha in the dark waters of the Rio Negro, about 125 miles northwest of the Brazilian city of Manaus.
We don’t want you to — because where we were headed in the past was really to simplify, thinking it was too complicated.
As you can see, a lot of the I-Fans are still seeething over the treatment he received.
With Reyes watching, a scout clocked players running to first base, and a lanky boy wearing blue pinstriped pants and a white Reyes No. 7 jersey grabbed his attention.
Had there been a draft and children of rich and famous sent to war, you would have seen no end to calls to end the war.
Here are 10 bits of well-worn Wall Street defenses that many must wish they had questioned this year.
The Hudson Bay Club’s builder, Baker Residential, a company based in Pleasantville, N.Y., that likes to focus on “urban infill” projects with waterside access, has already completed two condo projects not far away in its Newark Bay-side development.
It is undeniable that the horrible history of the Holocaust is European…Why wasn’t land given from Germany or Britain?
Now if Dr. Virginia were taking this call, she would have interrupted Linda long ago, telling her, "You're probably getting ready to steal again."
The mercenaries inflame Iraqis even as Gen. David Petraeus tries to win their trust.
Still, the search for space has driven down the retail vacancy rate statewide to just 3 percent, and rents have risen appreciably.
Sensing a windfall, Warner Brothers announced the release of a director’s cut and brought in Mr. Scott.
So no one has gone around policing up the balls for reuse or any other reason.
The old man, the one who taught Mr. Reese how to pick out a perfect Bronze when he was just a boy, knew he would soon leave his friends and his rare turkeys behind.
It is not “pleasant” to take these medications any more than it is pleasant to take cold medications.
I was very pleased to see all those disappointed faces and hope to see it again.
A spokeswoman for the show said it had drawn more than a million spectators in Italy since it began touring in July 2006.
The abusive nature of this is hard for me to see.
The warnings from Western officials to General Musharraf, who seized power in a bloodless military coup in 1999, come as reports are emerging that his government has drafted an order to impose a state of emergency.
The police had erected the banner themselves, and they detained him on the spot.
Michael Christopher Scott, managing director of Tire Acoustics, a company based in Manhattan that develops devices to reduce tire noise, is a fan of Slingbox, which allows him to send his cable television signal to an Internet-connected computer or compatible mobile phone anywhere in the world.
“I’m just sitting here waiting to hear the outcome of that particular story,” Mr. Smith said.
It is odd that a man takes two photos and for little or no reason someone impunes his motives/character: others choose up sides and get worked up defending one side or the other.
On Aug.
That’s a no-no.
Dr. McAllister estimated that the cost of treating a patient now would be $15,000 to $25,000 but added that the price would be likely to fall with wider use.
I use the product more than anything P&G makes and it is more valuable to me than any other company’s products, expect, maybe and unfortunately, oil.
“These choreographers were closely associated with the company as employees or board members and were doing the choreography under the auspices of the New Dance Group.”
To his befuddlement “Donnie Darko” has attracted a sizable Catholic following.
WITH: David Colvin (Macca), Ali Craig (Stewarty), Emun Elliott (Fraz), Ryan Fletcher (Kenzie), Jack Fortune (Officer), Paul Higgins (Writer/Sergeant), Henry Pettigrew (Rossco), Nabil Stuart (Nabsy), Paul Rattray (Cammy) and Jordan Young (Granty).
Some phones make it easy, and there is a lot of software available to help people do this.
At Flex Mussels Mr. Quain organized an oyster tasting.
Kelly coached the women’s softball team, and it reminded him of what he loved about football practice: the passion, the camaraderie and the teamwork.
A Teddy Bear is scandalized, a Christmas carol’s price tag and sweatshop crucifixes.
In other cities, immigrants tend to move into city centers, where there are established ethnic neighborhoods.
THE call came at 10:30 a.m. on Sept.
Huckabee’s compassion made him popular with poor and minority voters.
They discuss the lessons using Internet-telephone headsets.
At the same time, I hope Dr. Fish will throw light on how the CSI investigators of 1963 could have botched things so badly.
Jim Rutenberg and Edmund L. Andrews contributed reporting from Washington.
In July, the officer was shot and killed, and his partner, Herman Yan, was wounded by assailants hidden from view by the dark tinted windows of an S.U.V.
Many women’s rights activists understand the cultural fear of these dark, solitary places as a societal attempt to keep women from truly feeling independent and free.
And I also think that our track records of presidents show that of the concerns we have as Americans, simply keeping religion out of politics is a bit short sighted (if not impossible).
As Mr. McKelvey correctly pointed out, the solutions on the table now will have no significance for decades.
The sea air brought with it the sound of waves, the soft flat tone of a distant buoy and the smell of pine trees.
Be aware of visual triggers as well–flashing lights, fluorescent lights (unless they have flicker-free electronic ballasts), etc.
However, a new government is unlikely to mean a major change in Australia's foreign relations, including with the United States -- its most important security partner -- or with Asia, which is increasingly important for the economy.
My friend couldn’t stop laughing because the fact of the matter is that it is true.
After the game, he tells Antoine about all of his faults, then breaks down the tape for an even more pointed critique.
“Typically, the husband calls, and after a lot hemming and hawing, says, ‘I’m an expert skier but my wife isn’t, so can we take the program together?’ ” Mr. Nevin said with a snicker.
Manizza finished 48 minutes earlier.
Ray Allen scored 15 of his 17 points in the third quarter, and Kevin Garnett had 18 points and 11 rebounds, his sixth double-double.
They’re not a bad emblem for the author himself — tiny, languorous, changeable, ornamental, gimlet-eyed — and may even suggest why Capote could never repeat the success of “In Cold Blood.”
So far they have had limited success.
Yet as written and directed, the five carefully shaped characters of “The Seafarer” are blessedly free of the blurry, slurry clichés of acting intoxicated that can drive a sensitive theatergoer to, well, drink.
Sony Pictures Classics, the film’s international distributor, is pushing it for consideration in some of the general Oscar categories, including best screenwriter and director, said the co-president of Sony Pictures Classics, Michael Barker.
She too became hysterical when an argument escalated between myself and two policemen who said I had crossed a yellow line in order to get to the curb to drop my daughter off for her flight.
The first year cut the number of events in half and diminished their intensity.
As soon as it was clear that the 18th-century Baroque fountain had not been seriously damaged, intellectuals and art critics began reconsidering the gesture as something nearing genius.
All rights reserved.
The military people (the ones who look at the rock formations behind Osama Bin Laden in the videos to locate him in Pakistan or Afghanistan) are extraordinarily good at analyzing small details in photos; you should give those guys a crack at these pictures.
She returned to Ripley, and it was ten years before she was married again, after a long courtship on his part, to Jack Clapp, a master plasterer.
He said Ireland should never be at peace until the border dividing the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland — both of which he considered illegitimate — was eliminated, and the island united under one government.
Combine two of San Sebastián's favorite pastimes: tanning and — what else? — eating.
Ms. Peterson was turned over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and was transported back to the United States.
Running time: 100 minutes.
I asked.
When they arrived, they found an airy, large apartment with a big kitchen.
It was then part of the Russian Empire, of course.
Either everyone has ADHD, or people (teachers in particular) know what answers to fill in to get the kids medicated.
More than three years later, Ms. Hunt and her neighbors — including a lawyer, an artist and a curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art — have scattered.
Two athletes with different personalities, who play different positions for different teams, wear different colors yet still share the 8 and the 5 stitched on their jerseys.
In the tradition of the American folk singer that he has upheld for the last 40 years, Arlo Guthrie usually performs on his own or with a few sidemen.
Matt #51 has it right.
It’s not based on first-hand experiences like yours, but takes a more oblique look back from sometime in the future, hopefully a saner time.
Francis took a different approach.
General Khodaidad, Afghanistan’s acting minister of counternarcotics (who, like many Afghans, goes by only one name), said in an interview last week that ground spraying is under careful consideration by the Afghan government.
He suggested that Bank of America would be able to muddle through in the fourth quarter, when it will recognize a large mark-to-market gain on its investment in a big Chinese bank.
Democrats who supported Mr. Clinton — at considerable political risk — were furious and slow to give him back their trust.
I have better things to do than harbor resentments and brood over petty jealousies and slights.
Hi quality arabica coffee like illy is 1% caffeine.
Despite those threadbare patches, though, this production offers a bracing night of theater.
After staring at the pictures a bit more I think this can be ruled out because there are balls missing from the left hillside in the [ON] picture which is inconsistent with cannon balls simply being added to the scene.
For we all know what air travel is like today.
Damon Jones, the veteran shooter, went public with a trade demand last month.
Screenwriters may find support for their demands that companies raise their offers for new-media compensation.
I’m shocked that the Democratic front-runner needs so many apologist articles for her performance in the recent debate.
He had spent the spring in junior high school.
As reported by The Independent in 1992, Father Varah left his post, something he later never allowed.
Or "heroes?"
In the case of Circle, a small wooden character with big eyes, that would be Triangle, who helped him when he was struggling up the hill — not Square, who gave him a good shove back down.
“If you are trying to raise money for a hedge fund, you will need that network,” he says.
The activities described in this book were also popular in the 50’s.
The agency seems to be saying that it knows these things are harmless.
Creative hasn’t been in the “audio” business for nothing. but the price ,although it cant compromise with it , is to heavy .
Knievel was estranged from his four children most of the 10 years I knew him, and off and on, from the love of his life, his first wife Linda.
43 PRECIOUSSSSSSSSSSS!
If I said no, how would I answer Lucia if she asked why I hadn’t helped support her birth mother?
With piped-in drums and a heart-of-darkness, junglelike interior, it seemed comically patronizing but, predictably, became an instant crowd-pleaser.
I always believed that 3D animation would be able to keep actors in check with the threat of digital actors hanging over their heads.
If only one laptop has an Internet connection, for example, the others can get online, too, thanks to the mesh network.
“I honestly felt the ’03 team was a championship-caliber team, and ’04 was a lost opportunity.
I can order any shows I really like on iTunes, and hey - there is that old tradition of reading a book!
The nurse stood by watching.
The independent researchers, Stuart Campbell and Svetlana Zvereva, say that Ms. Myer gave them a few boxes of papers as a donation to the Museum of Musical Culture, known as the Glinka, in Moscow, and signed a paper confirming the gift.
And how beautiful the garden looked, billowing with huge bushes of roses and draped with wisteria hanging from pergolas that no longer existed.
LONDON (Reuters) - Oil handed back early gains to stand below $94 a barrel on Monday as investors took profits, but concerns over the dollar's weakness and uncertainties about OPEC's moves to boost output continued to provide support.
“We kept on ripping the guts out of it all the time and starting again,” the drummer Phil Selway said in Oxford.
Is the chicken sprung from an egg truer than the egg about to hatch?
A covered lanai leads to the patio surrounding the pool.
Add to that picture the multiethnic population that has swarmed into this rapidly growing city of 1.1 million, and it seems inevitable that a teeming cafe and restaurant scene would arise.
Standing in the clearing of what was once the house's great living room, she has dark curls and a preternatural gaze.
It was another night when the Nets (9-11) fell far behind early and another night when they could not win on their home court.
We were sitting in the lounge of the Bernard B. Jacobs Theater on a Sunday in August before the matinee of “Frost/Nixon,” about David Frost’s 1977 television interviews with the disgraced president.
We don’t have cable, and we don’t have a flat screen TV.
Though NAFTA was adopted in 1993, some of its more controversial provisions are only now taking effect.
I hope you, Cynthia, Joslyn and Scott are happy wherever you land.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
A man accused of killing his estranged wife and two stepchildren fatally shot himself as he drove into a lake after a nearly seven-hour standoff, the police said.
Elmayer’s ball is the only one to start at 6 p.m. and end at midnight; all other balls begin at 9 or 10 p.m. and end at 4:30 a.m.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200.
At the time, Medicare paid for unlimited equipment rentals.
“But you are not me,” Dick gravely replied to Miss Skattergoods.
After about a half-hour’s wait, he presented a clerk behind a plexiglass shield with a bank check for $25,000.
"The people need a leader whom they can support and trust," Abe said in a nationally televised news conference.
Through Feb.
In 1959, Mr. Feklisov helped set up and carry out security arrangements during Krushchev’s visit to the United States.
In New York, Connecticut and New Jersey, fines range from $100 to $250.
Africa is still dirt poor — with an average annual income per capita of merely $600 and 300 million people living in poverty.
For news tips and press announcements, please use the e-mail links on the blog home page to reach our writers and editors.
The project is financed by the United States military and the road has been under construction for a year through areas that the Afghan government barely controls.
If it turned out to hold for people too, “it would be great for diabetes,” he added.
Overall, today’s report — considered a leading indicator of the nation’s economic health -- suggests that pain from the summer’s lending crisis has slightly subsided, though the gain in jobs was still the lowest since February.
But he witnessed it as a newsman, and he now looks back on it from a knowing, even acerbic perspective.
Last year, she moved in with her boyfriend in Williamsburg.
Such a strategy may seem anathema in the United States, where companies like AT&T and Verizon Communications, the market leader with 1.1 million fiber subscribers, are under intense pressure from investors to justify their capital spending plans.
This is almost surely traceable to the disruption and forced migration of populations.
Speaking to reporters, Mattingly seemed hesitant to follow Torre, calling it a “no-win situation” to succeed such a decorated manager.
When you consider the vast size of the universe and the billions of years it’s been around, why shouldn’t self-replicating life crop up randomly here and there, where conditions permit?
People have been writing about the fragmentation of American music for decades.
Mr. Saba played the heavily ornamental solo line with an appealing grace and warmth, qualities he also brought to his Western flute playing in “Oyan I and II,” a set of zesty Turkish dances for the full ensemble.
Last December, NBC Universal Television Stations introduced the syndicated show “iVillage Live,” modeled on the Web site aimed at women, but it was placed on hiatus six months later amid sagging ratings.
In that match in Poland, Davydenko won the first set 6-1, then withdrew against 87th-ranked Martin Vassallo Arguello in the third set because of a foot injury.
That means politicians will have to raise taxes, severely cut a wide range of other governmental programs, or chop back the health programs themselves.
The Stars have made the playoffs in 9 of the past 10 seasons.
Even before Harley-Davidson's second-quarter results were reported, Farley said in the note, UBS warned that domestic sales had fallen in consecutive quarters, the first time that had happened in more than 15 years.
ERROL MORRIS: I should try to find out more details on where these digital files came from and which prints were involved.
Mention of Mitt Romney inspires “just horrific misstatements about Mormonism and his own life,” Phillips said.
For example, the boss who makes inappropriate jokes about our bodies (once my boss actually made a “joke” about me having a “past” in a brothel during a business meeting…pretty funny, huh?), the client who like to touch us just a little too much, the teacher who stands just a little too close, and lest we not forget the dates/partners who have guilted us about our sexuality — either because it’s too much, or too little.
The fungus of life on earth will, in due cosmological time, dry up and fade into nothingness.
Teachers, students and administrators in the school have been torn between their desire to call attention to the problem and their fear of damaging the school’s reputation by pointing out the turbulence.
My father and brother (who have never voted Democrat in any election) are supporting Hillary.
9 — It was to have been a day of celebration at the Rochester Institute of Technology.
Many pharmaceutical companies, for example, are treating taxpayer funded research results as their private property.
People get killed.
The company has since relied on expensive alternate funding from JPMorgan and Bank of America, which is seeking to replace.
My favorite is St.-Séraphin-de-Sarov, a Russian Orthodox church on a working-class street in the 15th Arrondissement.
The violent death in KENNEDY’S BRAIN (New Press, $26.95), a novel from which Wallander is absent, also sets off troubled thinking on the part of Louise Cantor, an archaeologist who returns from a dig in Greece to find her son dead in his flat.
After the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, TheStreet.com’s publicly traded stock plunged to about $1 a share; at one point in 2004, the company hired the investment bank Allen & Company to “explore strategic alternatives,” which amounted to declaring itself on the market for a buyout.
Not only are the stands overflowing with temptations, but there are also innumerable spots for snacking on free or paid samples.
The presentation was made by Dr. Reddy’s son, Ashray, a high school student who began the study as a science project.
Mike O’Donnell led Central Florida with 24 points, 15 of them in the second half, when he made four of his six 3-pointers.
The percentage of eighth-grade students proficient in math in New York declined to 30 percent this year from 32 percent in 2003, for instance.
1 — Talks seeking a bipartisan compromise on health insurance for low-income children were cut short on Thursday, and the Senate then swiftly passed a bill to provide coverage for 10 million youngsters, fully expecting President Bush to veto it.
And even at G.E. and Universal, the policy says the presumption against a smoking scene can be “rebutted” based on its importance to the film, the difficulty of removing it, and whether or not the picture will be marketed to adolescents.
Instead, Mr. Kelly forbade editors from printing the letter, Mr. Amzallag said.
Just take a look at the 2004 documentary “The Reverse of the Curse of the Bambino” and listen to celebrities and ordinary citizens, young and old, speak of what it meant to them.
Malaysians, however, don’t have an easy time indulging their automotive desires, and are more often spectators than participants.
To charge for a reference is uncomfortably close to demanding a bribe for one — unethical indeed.
It’s all part of a formula that provides another source of remarkable edibles in a city that lives for food and is also an income stream for many whose businesses had catastrophic losses from Katrina.
Jimmy Rollins gave Hamels all the runs he would need with a two-run single in the fifth against Tim Redding (3-6).
David Moy is a case in point.
Although New Jersey seems to perpetually grapple with revenue shortages and budget deficits, it had the highest median income in the nation — $64,169 — according to the Census Bureau’s most recent three-year estimate, from 2004 to 2006.
There are exceptions, of course.
One false move and the leg would break off.
RESERVATIONS For prime times, call at least two weeks ahead.
They do have a safe word for sex play (foliage), but Jan often pretends not to hear it.
The Long Walk at Windsor Castle.
By the projected words you are also quickly made aware of water’s power to flow beyond national boundaries.
It would have been a lot less trouble for Imus to have skipped that particular phrase.
There appear to be “good ones and bad ones” competing in fat tissue, with potentially large consequences for inflammation and diabetes.
We ask people who just bought a pair of shoes how they made their choice, and the immediate answer is that the price was right, or they liked the look or the color.
If for no other reason, without such experience he can’t know what humans feel.
The primary challenge is the need to limit future emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2).
Of course the collection had a lot of other things going on it besides the sexy thing, like the sweet mouse prints and the odd “too small” shoes that at first confused people in the audience, but I twigged to those opening dresses and the black “stole” T-shirt with the black shantung shorts.
Greenglass and I are presented as we were decades later, when I interviewed him.
Modern management theory holds that small, tightly focused organizations are likely to be more effective than large conglomerates that try to do a million different things.
With only three performances, last Tuesday and Thursday and this Saturday, “Walking the Line” offers spectators still another gift: the opportunity to wander past endless museum treasures en route to this ground-floor section of the Denon Wing after the usual crowds of visitors have gone home.
Caucus Chatter: A Q&A on reader comments.
Condi doesn’t want to be Iraq.
Your story brings back vivid memories of my first airline flight alone after being a few months sober.
I suppose they could have noticed the dimples and decided they would look better with cannonballs in them, but that doesn’t seem too plausible.
After all, for someone who is anticipating the imminent arrival of a bullet in his head, this fellow (played by Greg Mehrten) is pretty composed.
But any parenting blog out there, I’m not in the least interested.
General Musharraf’s most bitter foes, Pakistan’s lawyers, have said all week that even free and fair elections were not sufficient for them.
With the lone Democrat on the Securities and Exchange Commission dissenting, the panel voted 3-1 at a public meeting on the shareholder rights issue -- one of the most controversial to come before it in recent years, generating more than 34,000 comment letters to the agency.
The “poppies to medicine” idea is brilliant.
Universal Music Group is a unit of Paris-based media and communications company Vivendi SA.
These words apply perfectly to climate change.
Moving fluently back and forth from the “Arabian Nights” of legend (complete with jeweled turbans and scimitars) to New York in a dusty, apocalyptic near-future, these stories within stories come to include Flaubert during his wild-oats days in Egypt and even a cameo appearance by Jorge Luis Borges, the master of labyrinthine fictions.
“This is a little bit like doing jury duty in a bullring,” Michael Winship, president of the East Coast guild, said of the wrangle-then-wait pacing of talks at the Encino, Calif., headquarters of the producers’ group.
Marines called as parties have the right to be represented by counsel in the hearings.
In each, a young man is obsessed with the principal outlaw — Pitt’s Jesse James and Crowe’s Ben Wade — whose notoriety has made him the subject of dime novels and mass-produced engravings.
Much of your book is an assault on Silvio Berlusconi, the former prime minister of Italy who used his media empire to assist his political ends.
If you’re a college kid who detests President Bush, you commiserate with your roommates; if you live in Brooklyn or Berkeley, you can go to readings or talk politics with your neighbors.
Was this because one can reuse only so many cannonballs and one might as well use those obstructing the road.
They blew out Louisville in their Big East debut.
One day last year, I wandered into that office, which was just beyond the plaque.
Did I make this up, was it part of some other show, or what?
The truth is that you can depart miles from Tchaikovsky’s intentions and still produce something musically revealing and dramatically enthralling.
He had been using his clients’ names — including those of Yahoo and Mr. Nicholson — to swindle tens of thousands of dollars from friends and business associates by selling nonexistent stock options and other phony financial instruments.
Mom asked.
The average time from exposure to illness is 30 days.
“Persepolis” is a simple story told by simple means.
It's a figure that is considered low by historical standards.
Here come new gags from this long-running Broadway parody show (1:30).
Not positive confirmation but it leans to OFF being the first photo in my mind.
Friday, as an unidentified man who had held at least four people hostage was taken into police custody.
Nationwide, though, the number wasn’t much lower, and was largely determined by the whims of the PBS affiliates: 80 percent in houses with young children.
An aspiring pilot, he was thrilled to find a World War II club at his school last year that met during lunch time.
To use the technical term, it’s perkier.
Through a previous agreement, Gateway has the first right of refusal to buy Packard Bell, a computer maker with a relatively strong presence in Western Europe.
What to do?
In a 35 m.p.h. rear-end crash, the rear head restraints are designed to block intruding objects while the body diverts crash energy downward, away from the passengers.
Now people are wondering to whom to show fealty, Mr. Putin or the person who is to take his place inside the Kremlin.
Since then, a curious thing has happened.
But after the British government put increasing pressure on Sudan, and two Muslim members of the House of Lords traveled there to plead her case, Ms. Gibbons was pardoned by the Sudanese president, Omar al-Bashir on Monday, and released early.
After controlling for sex, race, maternal education, sleep problems like nightmares and other variables, the authors found that for every hour that sleep time declined over the three years, children were about 40 percent more likely to be overweight.
For the appropriately named Sty (an amusingly brusque Mr. Dinklage), it’s the bottle (and a talismanic bonsai tree).
But Mr. Herndon had no direct evidence, and there has been no corroboration of his suspicions.
I saw him three times in person here in Minneapolis, the last being a show he did with Sammy Davis Jr (who was fantastic).
Loans in the pipeline fell 35 percent, to $42 billion.
She would go on to say on the witness stand that Mr. DeVecchio had ordered the killings of rival crime family members and warned of impending arrests.
For its first quarter, Microsoft reported net income of $4.29 billion, or 45 cents a share, a 23 percent rise compared with a year earlier.
253 pages. $25.
For 1958, prices ranged from the two-door Ranger sedan at $2,484 to the Citation convertible at $3,766.
The warnings have prompted a debate here over whether Germany should tighten its anti-terrorism measures — for example, by allowing clandestine searches of computer hard drives belonging to suspected terrorists.
But as this production testifies, spun by the right team of alchemists, the fundamental things still apply.
Kennedy tells Schlesinger he knew the planning was flawed, and he had “pared down the operation from an invasion to a mass infiltration,” as though that were a distinction Castro or the world would appreciate.
The missionaries had often met with hostility over the Vietnam War.
An Air Force spokesman, Lt. Col. Edward Thomas, declined to confirm Thursday morning what punishments were planned or give any details of the probe's findings, saying Gates had not gotten the full report and those to be disciplined were not to be notified until later Thursday.
Thoughtful liberals concentrate too much on esoteric arguments and foget the mass need their basic needs filled for an entry ticket to the next level of concern.
He analyzed a video of Washoe, who learned about 130 signs, and said he found evidence that she, too, was reacting to prompts, not engaging in anything like human conversation.
What we do know - is how to measure observable behavior using fairly sophisticated assessments.
So along portions of Lake Shore Drive in Chicago, the signal I received varied significantly, which sometimes made Internet access slow down to pedestrian speeds.
As far as I am concerned, until the U.S. starts to take human rights seriously, it will only be great democracy in terms of physical rather than moral stature.
While Ms. Klein occasionally nods to Scandinavian-style social democracy as an alternative to the “neo-liberal” American-style model she condemns, it turns out that nothing short of a socialist utopia — an economy of worker collectives running environmentally benign enterprises with nationalized banks to direct investment — will actually do.
Please stay on topic and avoid personal attacks, profanity and SHOUTING.
You beat me to it, nowhere is more liberal than Ann Arbor.
He was not recommended to use medication until he was 15 or 16, and did not decide to until he started college.
A discussion of plans to go bowling turns bizarre as each man reveals the historic antecedent he carries as his own secret persona.
In South Jersey, Syeeba Palmer, a widow, earns too much to qualify for Medicaid coverage for her children, ages 2 and 5, because she receives $2,800 a month from her late husband’s Social Security.
Only when he has stopped speaking entirely, when he is left alone in his mother’s parlor reflecting on Eliza’s cool departure, does Mr. Mays convey, in a look of dawning fear and dismay, that he recognizes the value of what he may have just lost.
At the same time, Ford introduced a crossover-wagon variant called the Freestyle.
These wealthy Republicans have each already invested $100,000 to $1 million of their own money to finance their campaigns, according to campaign finance disclosure reports and interviews with party strategists.
Right after the 12th of Never.
Helmand produced nearly 4,400 metric tons of opium this year, nearly half of the country’s total output, according to United Nations statistics.
His labor minister, Xavier Bertrand, has made clear that the centerpiece of the reform — bringing the retirement eligibility of public-sector workers in line with the rest of the population — was non-negotiable.
With all-wheel drive, the Enclave weighs about 5,000 pounds, a considerable load for an engine rated at 275 horsepower and 251 pound-feet of torque.
Maybe our attitude made TV less seductive since they both had lives full of other activities.
The Cape Cod National Seashore must carry out the scientists’ recommendations for protecting the bird.
Officials said they believed that Ms. Stein — who helped pioneer the punk music scene by managing the Ramones and went on to help celebrities buy and sell their homes — had tempestuous dealings with Ms. Lowery that escalated from animosity to violence.
One more example of this administration putting their personal politics and lust for power above the nations interests.
They tend to be loose-limbed and discursive, working their way into an A section and proceeding to a resolution in a B section, with stops at several other letters along the way (as in “Hitchhiking Across America”).
She is clearly in charge as Congress heads into these last critical weeks of the year, seeking to clinch legislative victories.
Like her grandmother, Marjane is a natural rebel, someone who takes freedom as her birthright and dares the world to challenge her.
Jason Kidd had 16 points and 15 assists, but the Nets couldn't overcome a season-high 27 turnovers.
At an event at a rural community college in Vinton, Mr. Huckabee quoted from the prophet Isaiah, speaking about his hardscrabble roots and gratitude for his country.
So he returned to the weekend open-house circuit.
She continues to pay maintenance to cover legal fees and taxes, but has negotiated a suspension of payments on her mortgage.
Don’t even get my started on Cologne or Munich, etc.
The keys jingled.
Consumers deserve better.
He and an accomplice, Craig Godineaux, were found to have forced seven people into a walk-in freezer at the Wendy’s in Flushing, bound and gagged them, then forced them onto their knees before shooting each in the head.
So the laptop uses a new battery chemistry, called lithium ferro-phosphate.
The wine confirmed for me my long-held opinion that aglianico is a terribly underrated grape.
Based on sales that rose to about $6 million a year by the early 1960s, that proved quite lucrative for him, Dr. Rieveschl told The Cincinnati Post in 1999.
During the first eight games of the season, the Giants averaged 138 yards on the ground.
The international outcry has faded.
In its choice of milieu — science fiction — Mass Effect is not ambitious at all.
“There was the perception that the bid was not conducted with the highest degree of propriety,” says Thomas Vincz, a spokesman for the New Jersey Department of the Treasury.
After some coaxing, she acknowledged dating Mr. Kushner, but declined to discuss their relationship.
University officials agree that the use of nontraditional faculty is soaring.
My mil would never give acolades to her hair dresser though! only complain about being overcharged.
Ours is neither a nation nor a culture much given to extended hero worship.
He also praised both Mr. Larijani, and his predecessor, Hassan Rowhani, who was pushed out amid a policy dispute over the nuclear issue.
The country had been working to improve conditions at its orphanages, which became infamous in the early 1990s as Dickensian warehouses for abandoned children.
The recovery from a 14-point second-half deficit against the Redskins earlier this season?
I had terrible weekly migrains for 35 years since childhood.
Mr. Roche’s translations of Greek and Latin works, published in the Signet Classics series and by New American Library, have long been familiar to students in the United States and in Britain.
The market will also be looking at the Philadelphia Federal Reserve's October manufacturing index, being released at noon EDT.
I implore him to not think of race in this case as some barrier to being an effective teacher.
Within 10 years the company had branched out into collectible coins.
It’s the same thing.
They are mandating a moment of silence??
I think that the poorly socialized among us would add other comments much like what follows.
He continued as a board member until his death.
Her first memory one of touch: her fingers on Mason's toes, stroking ... pinching ...
Green Bay’s Koren Robinson returned the second-half kickoff 67 yards to the Carolina 28, and four plays later Favre found Lee for a 12-yard touchdown pass.
Whatever happened to at least ONE afternoon game?!?!
As plates were passed around, Ms. Perez told her cast mates Kevin Carolan, 39, and Ms. Atkinson, 30, about her college days in California working at Sizzler, the chain restaurant.
But some Japanese and American officials and safety experts say that similar methods may also work for many Chinese exports to the United States, not only seafood and processed vegetables but also products like medicine, toys and paint.
Joe Zeglinski led Hartford with 13 points.
Thanks a lot for this adventure.
The committee decided in August to strip Florida of its delegates to the Democratic convention unless the Florida Democratic Party obeyed national party rules by delaying its 2008 presidential nominating contest.
Come on in, the water’s just fine.
If Fenton and/or assistants posed the balls on the road, someone had to go 100 yards down the road, into the line of fire, to place the balls.
And of course a formula must be found to share or divide Baghdad.
NOW, a new version of the operation has started to catch people in public places outside the subways, and at much higher stakes, Criminal Court records show.
These early voters would be self-selecting, trading the opportunity to watch the campaign unfold for the ability to demonstrate early conviction.
This was not unusual; “City” was exactly the kind of ambitious, continuing art installation that Dia had always supported.
Brady now has 50 TD passes, breaking Peyton Manning's 2004 record of 49.
Mixed with those items they discovered 65 animal parts: “skulls, limbs and torsos of nonhuman primate species” as well as a hoof and leg “belonging to a small ungulate, possibly a duiker,” according to the criminal complaint against her.
Yet “Golda’s Balcony” also allows its star to exercise her considerable comic talent, particularly in its wry reflections on the prime minister’s doomed marriage and her wicked interest in the love life of her defense minister, Moshe Dayan.
The assistant United States attorney handling the case, Peter A. Winn, referred questions to the Justice Department.
As I sit doing financials for a large psychiatric clinic and research facility…I couldn’t help but chuckle when I saw this article.
On this moonless night, the water would be awash in bioluminescence.
Contracts expire at midnight on Sept.
China argues that its tax laws are consistent with W.T.O. rules and says the two complainants misunderstand them.
With bipartisan support in Congress, he helped to provide a substantial increase in federal funds for the first couple of years.
I’ve been a fan for over 30 years and I see your mind is as sharp and slicing as I remember.
But in a reversal, those discount chains have not done as poorly as department stores.
I enjoyed Morris’s discursive, almost meandering treatment of this material, with one strange and deeply thought-provoking reflection tied to its successor by the thinnest of threads: the train of thought of the curious mind.
Given the pain he has caused in his life of crime, I wish I had had an abortion.
Brand yourself.
There is overlap, of course.
We cover start-ups, giant enterprises, government policies and the way technology is used around the world.
Those words are as true today as when he spoke them at an area AIDS conference for those in academia re 15 years ago.
Before you even enter a restaurant, you could fill up on street vendors' fried empanadas stuffed with meat or cheese, water coconuts hacked open with a machete, or the ultra-Dominican sweet bean soup known as habichuelas con dulce.
1) Other Girls, Eux Autres.
“These are great ideas, but we need to carefully vet them out, flesh them out, see how much they’re going to cost and act appropriately,” Mr. Miller said.
Onstage, “Last to Die” is followed, as it is on the album, by a song called “Long Walk Home.”
John Salmons converted a three-point play on the other end moments later.
It’s a kissing cousin to Dexedrine.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200. ★ ‘THE PIANO TEACHER’ Elizabeth Franz gives a haunting performance as a gentle-hearted woman who discovers that evil has tainted a seemingly blameless life.
Aristotle thought projectiles continued through space because a force propelled them.
The man without hair was more repugnant than Imus.
75 Thumbnail For years, doctors have warned men having trouble conceiving to stay away from hot baths and whirlpool tubs.
27 that the scandal received front-page coverage.
Relating his father’s description of the negotiations in a recent telephone interview, Exner’s son, Virgil Exner Jr., said that Harley Earl, the legendary head of G.M. design, tried to persuade his young protégé to stay.
Just for the record, I have no particular opinions on Don Imus: I never heard of him until he got fired.
In 1999, during what she described as “a rough patch,” she was advised to try something creative.
But this year, she left the school she had attended until ninth grade for private tutoring on the set of the Disney Channel’s hit show “Hannah Montana,” where she plays Lilly, the lead character’s goofy best friend.
The significant issue for the West here is not Buddhas and lamas, but what we mean when we refer to “culture.”
Tina Brown, the author of "The Diana Chronicles"; Marilyn Stasio on crime fiction; Rachel Donadio on technology and the novel.
Deer Valley Resort, scheduled to reopen in about a week, wisely takes a page from European resorts, which know the importance of eating well on the slopes.
Billy Tauzin, the president of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the trade association for brand-name drug companies, said it was clear that the Medicare program, including the doughnut hole, was helping drive the use of generic drugs.
Mr. Kuby hopes to persuade the judge hearing the case in Nassau County to overturn it, since hypnotically refreshed testimony is inadmissible in New York courts.
The messages exhorting soldiers not to fight a “foreigners war,” meaning a war on behalf of the United States, had undermined the morale of the government paramilitary forces that were leading the fight, he said.
Bold ideas that could mobilize his conservative Republican base were prized over efforts to convince independent voters in the center; sharp divisions over the administration’s policies were regarded as proof of Mr. Bush’s decisiveness and willingness to challenge conventional thinking.
Ford has little exposure to subprime mortgages.
WASHINGTON, Nov.
Ms. Rothman, who was a schoolteacher, developed a device she called a menstrual extraction kit, which could be used for early abortions in the home, without the need of hospitalization.
The specter of a new GT-R was enough to scare off a couple of important competitors.
It cheapened the academia of Columbia.
If we assume he’s capable of staging, we have to assume he’s capable of staging in both directions to show the contrast.
When I got grounded I would go out the next day.
The case was one of the city’s largest sex-and-bribes protection scandals since more than a dozen officers were implicated a decade ago for protecting a brothel on the West Side of Manhattan.
But São Paulo, Brazil's biggest and most modern city, also has plenty of flair.
DENNIS PURCELL: Those two guys plus Marmaduke – or whatever we want to call him.
After absorbing Malley’s lessons about responsibility, Ernest and Arian joined the army.
There’s just something about sharks.
I too suffer from migraines.
Skelton was intercepted on the next possession, the Rams’ only turnover.
Mr. Nevin then tells his students not to carve in the moguls but instead to slide, drift, even skid — the heresy! — from spot to spot.
The lead character, Toulou, gives lip service to her ambition, but it seems to be grafted onto her role.
Use this as a landmark.
The District of Columbia filed its Supreme Court appeal in September.
PETA says yes.
Apple is great for browsing the web, email and occasional word processing.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
While they undeniably save lives, it remains hard to predict which patients will benefit.
The failed celebrity hunter is, dare to say it, a boldface name in his own right.
He arrived in New York as a scholarship student with the Joffrey Ballet, then performed with the Eglevsky Ballet.
He was treated on the field for about five minutes and Fitzpatrick entered in the 78th minute.
As shoppers enter, they see a 60-foot-long light sculpture created by the German designer Ingo Maurer from overlapping panels of wire mesh hung with tiny crystals.
The vast majority of freelancers did not register, so he said the courts had no jurisdiction over their disputes, and the case should not have been approved as a class-action suit.
But Hafner barely beat the throw and a fourth run scored.
And all that’s good.
Michigan’s football team generated around $50 million of the $87 million the athletic department reaped last year — figures that trail only those of its archrival, Ohio State, in the Big Ten.
Only one officer stayed behind: the man in charge of the investigation, Detective Lyndon Oakwood.
Another parent phones responses in to him.
Rhett obliges.
But there are also many negative examples.
Over the years, there were some financial difficulties.
Since the end of 2001, the economy has posted positive growth every month.
Yet, the problems continued to mount.
Try Googling “citizens jury”, “consensus conferences”, “citizens assembly” + “electoral reform”, and “citizen deliberative councils” to get a taste of the hundreds of experiments in this approach.
They are the ultimate believers and always will be.
The Vectrix motor, combined in the rear hub with a single-speed planetary gearset, spins the rear wheel in a smooth, silent surge of power.
But the fate of Torre will dominate the talks, and if he is not retained, Mattingly is Steinbrenner’s clear favorite.
Before “Meerkat Manor” became such an active vehicle for public emoting, it was merely the most entertaining nature show on television, one that aimed to assert its relevance to the kind of social phenomena with which editorialists and the editors of Cosmopolitan remain obsessed.
I have been a Tim Russert fan for years.
They adopted a similar approach Wednesday night.
They lived in a utopian Jewish commune in New Jersey, but the marriage lasted only a few years.
It was lively and fun but addressed a serious issue.
The rate of dropouts, youth crime, teen pregnancy and adult poverty is disproportionate in single-parent families.
Zuma, who was acquitted of rape charges in 2006, won about 60 percent of the votes cast by delegates.
In 1964 his first Broadway show, “Dylan,” starring Alec Guinness as Dylan Thomas, ran for eight months; his second, “Any Wednesday,” with Sandy Dennis, ran for more than two years; his third, the musical “Ben Franklin in Paris,” with Robert Preston, did a respectable seven months.
Since it was Mr. Levingston who commissioned and performed the 2005 premiere of Mr. Glass’s musical portrait of Mr. Close, the ballet proves, as Robert Sandla notes in a Playbill essay, quite a hall of mirrors.
He’s got a Labrador, like mine, named Jet.
It becomes anti-intellectual,” says Darryl Hart, a historian who has taught at Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia, the birthplace of presuppositionalism.
The union, however, said yesterday that this appeared to be a change in policy for the Mitchell investigation.
Don’t forget Apple’s retail stores, they’re the most profitable, per square foot, in retail and a key to their resurgance.
Sounds like Julie put you in your place.
Something like a surrealist painting without the driftwood.
The three-story house has an indoor swimming pool with a copper waterfall.
The Senate has begun hearings on legislation that would put a mandatory cap on carbon emissions.
Liudmila Dudinova (Ludmila) and Anastasia Kalagina (the Snow Maiden) were the lead sopranos.
Living one block from a public High School in Manhattan I’ve witnessed this cultural deficit for 20 years.
In fact, neither side should be cheered by figures that describe an industry that has increasingly doled out its wealth to star performers and filmmakers, at the expense of almost everyone else.
Mailer: That’s because they’re mature and full of dignity and they’d cut my throat in any alley, and I answer crudely because I’m crude and a lout and a clod, that’s why.
All the players you mention along the way made a story out of a sequence of photos–from Sontag’s Victorian conspiracy to your own narrative of physical evidence.
There wouldn’t be much reason to.
Union officials rarely defend the merits of specific rules in public, but they have repeatedly questioned the fairness of the league’s effort to rewrite many of those rules, which have come about through decades of bargaining.
Music!
We should have lots more latter-day Amerika Hauser.
He said he believed that the officers had the right motives but used dangerous methods.
That rule change, especially in the high mountains which often open up large time gaps between riders, could lead to a tighter and more suspenseful and open Tour.
One result is timid governments.
The books of “Moses” — almost certainly written hundreds of years after his death by at least four different authors — condone slavery, attribute mental illness to demons, order the slaughter of women and children, and decree that unbelievers, witches, blasphemers and adulterers be killed, along with anybody who works on Saturday.
Historically overlooked and unwanted, it changed hands for $10 in 1975, despite being located in the middle of New York City.
Having very large tonsils can cause breathing problems at night, leading to mild or severe forms of obstructive sleep apnea.
The Supreme Court last year, in a case involving eBay, said injunctions should not be automatic in the case of patent infringement, so Roche might argue that the public interest would be served if Mircera were allowed on the market.
Well, maybe he will be.
But Chief Ponzo was skeptical, saying that much street racing would continue.
The Pakistan mess, as The New York Times editorial page aptly named it, is not just another blot on our image abroad and another instance of our mismanagement of the war on Al Qaeda and the Taliban.
This is the technique used by astronomers searching for comets coming in from the far reaches of the solar system.
“It seemed like he could go anywhere he wanted to go,” Stewart said.
E-mail: ebiz@nytimes.com.
As I said in my previous entry, the mistake on Obama’s name is old news.
ERROL MORRIS: Hold on a second.
“Here, I haven’t had the greatest starts in the world,” Nugent said.
The accompanying list of what I deemed the best new restaurants of 2007 includes more than a few places that didn’t bother with showy décor or fussy rituals, that worked harder to soothe and to satisfy than to dazzle.
They are so sure of what they are doing.
Frank Rich, the author of "The Greatest Story Ever Sold"; Lawrence Levi on Nicole Kidman.
On a serious note, though, as someone who does often evaluate people of many ages to rule out presumed dementia (”but my aunt’s sister’s cousin had it…”) the term “age related cognitive change” should be noted as relevant here…it’s simply a fact that most of us can learn/remember/ attend/process less or less quickly as we get older–and this is, btw, reflected in the age- adjusted statistical norms for most tests of cognitive functioning, which means that, to oversimplify, what you need to get a certain score on memory or even intelligence testing is lower as one gets older!
14 years.
“Cowboy Town” (Arista Nashville), the new one, is due Oct.
As a consequence, the agency said, global energy security will increasingly be at risk.
Moving that many balls into or out of the scene in the period of less than two hours would be more of an effort than Messrs. Fenton and Sparling would want to undertake alone.
The person said Palm, which has a worldwide staff of 1,150, was eliminating more than 100 jobs.
It did not know that it was Chuang.
A social butterfly, he was constantly late, and when he drove, he would take his eyes off the road for long stretches of time.
The renovations, which started in 2005, were completed last year, and Mr. Perez has said the work was paid for in full this past July.
Democracies stumble along; with each change of governing meisters, or non-change, democratic populations remain a bit better off than any of the other choices of governance over centuries-long periods.
The $400,000 project is worth it, they say, because they will have outdoor space to help relieve the stress of working on Wall Street.
Couldn’t you argue that every photograph is posed because every photograph excludes something?
Screening should happen earlier at airport terminals.
Prosecutors said that in some cases, police officers were not proving that the person who picked up the bag had intended to commit a crime.
“What do you mean by mean?” his dad asked.
REM sleep, when the eyes are flitting behind closed lids, is rightly renowned as the dreaming stage, with at least 90 percent of it spent dreaming.
A project like that needs someone who can raise money virtually door to door.
A U.S. military official said the rockets were fired from an abandoned school nearby.
Olberman thinks he’s the Rush Limbaugh of the left and Chris Matthews really does no research and “Morning Joe” should just stay home.
The pending sale of the property, which is limestone hills and Chihuahuan Desert scrublands, has created an uproar.
She was pried screaming from this person’s arms and placed in my lap in the car.
I just watched Obama’s speech in front of AFSCME back on June 11th, and he outlined his healthcare plan.
I’m happy and well-adjusted evidence that children can survive this sort of parenting and become normal, independent adults.
These interventions are based on the notion that thoughts and behaviors can “hyper-arouse” the central nervous system and deregulate sleep cycles, resulting in chronic insomnia, reports Family Practice.
Complete links are at nytimes.com/business.
So retina specialists in hospitals would still have access to the drug.
A blue Smurf squeaks, “You’re not afraid, are you?”
I’ve never seen anything like that anyway.
This blog makes me totally want to go on vacation with Errol Morris.
Mr. McCain also criticized the Democratic plans, but his comments were more in passing and were far less barbed.
The idea is no waiting, cashier or other buying barrier — aside from the charges that show up on a credit card or cellphone bill.
Fifty years ago, they were tranquilizers, sedatives and amphetamines: America was a Cold War nation in need of both pep and relief.
That asuumption, I strongly suspect, was based on an aesthetic judgment: The ON picture looks wrong.
They follow me into Iraq where I smoked a cigarette in the dark, praying alone before the attack helicopter flight that would finally land me in Ramadi.
Little was reported missing.
Their self-centered view of the world perfectly matches the steriotypical small town or country bumkin portrayed so often in mindnumbing TV produced in NY or LA.
The twilight of Strahan’s career as a Giants defensive end has been marked by injuries, an unseemly divorce proceeding and his decision to sit out training camp this year.
I don’t think they care about the riders at all.
Yet in Warhol’s films the illusions of Hollywood, with its seamless narratives and industrial imperatives, are self-consciously replaced by other illusions, notably those pertaining to identity.
For one thing, some students contend that administrators routinely dole out harsher punishments to minority students, a charge that school officials deny.
They endure brain-numbing innovations that only City Hall suits can devise, like those maddening Elmo messages of a few years ago, the ones that screamed at passengers to buckle up and take their belongings.
Within days of reading about the latest decline in the number of black students, he began a campaign to reverse it.
Subprime loans, as a percent of total originations at Countrywide, also jumped in 2004, rising to 11 percent from 4.6 percent in 2003.
Efforts to find representatives of Evergreen and THL Transportation were unsuccessful.
It is not the same old Shockey — just an older one, wishing that his play could create the amount of buzz that his words used to.
Today, Mr. Polak, trim at 94 but somewhat deaf, uses a cane and walks with a slight stoop.
But this much is undisputed: On April 4, 1969, Dr. Cooley implanted it in Haskell Karp, 47, from Skokie, Ill.
18, he has piled even more events onto his already frenetic schedule.
However, in my job as an emergency medicine physician I meet a lot of patients with migraines.
"This (second) quarter should bolster investor confidence in the early stages of the Pathmark integration," Goldman Sachs analyst John Heinbockel wrote in a note to clients.
They would move them to “harvest” them or to clear the road to allow passage.
Personal experience necessary to teach???
Nafta didn’t deliver for workers, for small businesses, or for the environment, and of course the US attack of Iraq did not help Iraqis — but no one seriously studying these issues ever thought they would.
Playwright Beckett can’t be too happy about that.
She stayed for three years, moving among the runways of Paris, Milan and London.
The sharing was reciprocal.
Today, on the A line’s 75th birthday, transit officials will celebrate with a ceremony at the start of the line at the Inwood/207th Street station.
“A lot of people just spend their nights in front of the TV; do your hobby instead,” she said.
His lawyer, Michael V. Cibella, said Mr. O’Keeffe worked as an accountant and bookkeeper for a printing company.
And who knows?
Feagles has played in a league-record 304 consecutive games, but he did miss a preseason game last month with a sore back.
Also Tuesday, Hewlett-Packard said it would install a one-megawatt solar electric power system at its manufacturing plant in San Diego, and buy 80 gigawatt-hours of wind energy in Ireland next year.
“That was nothing like the random nature of this,” Dr. Farish said.
There, he earned a bachelor’s degree in 1937, a master’s in 1939 and a doctorate in 1940.
“This is my version of the electric chair,” the artist explains.
Mr. Minor has contributed $500,000 to Democrats over the years, including more than $100,000 to John Edwards, a fellow trial lawyer.
Basic garments sell comparatively slowly, Mr. Hoffman said, but items like $7,900 Valentino gowns, $5,500 Carolina Herrera jackets and other items “with more camera appeal” sell quickly.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
To hold up a sign like that is an act of disassociation, not from this country, but from the failed policies of this president.
Proudly, at times lazily, this is a festival that always demands discrimination from its audience, a sense of adventure, even as it also relies on no small amount of brand loyalty.
31, 1919, in Dunbarton, S.C.
I knew then that things would get awfully worse if kids were being taught that Whites stole the US from Blacks.
Picket lines went up at more than a dozen studios and other production sites on both coasts.
But Mr. Sajadi breathes new life into the tired C.I.A. baddie role, and Mr. Monsef’s maddeningly arrogant, man-of-the-people charmer does a mesmerizing dance around his mulish, insecure general.
They’re a bit embedded.
A group of dissident rabbis later met at the summer enclave in Deal, N.J., and accepted the conversion as valid: she could marry.
Toys featuring the Dora brand, however, did see a decline in sales, Mr. Eckert said.
We’re given no idea whether he’s a good, bad or indifferent student, or who his friends are.
The challenge would be formidable: two teenage boys; a frazzled working mom; a dad working out of town; fraught 12-minute breakfasts; eight bag lunches (Friday is pizza day at school); and weekday dinners shoehorned between evening Boy Scout meetings and soccer practices (what bozo invented kids’ evening activities, anyway?).
A state of grace which should carry no shame.
Turley added he did not know how much money he might raise.
And I largely — no, entirely — agree with the judgment against the “new” museum (so desperate, so forced).
How do you think we can reach black youth when the only culture we offer is the hip-hop culture.
So Google and I.B.M. are announcing today a major research initiative to address that shortcoming.
And it was the fault of voters – those people out there who would never, ever elect another Clinton.
Meanwhile Rinaldo, Giselda’s former (and still enamored) suitor, reclaims her.
Statewide, those numbers were 62, 57 and 65 percent.
The seven-story condo at 650 Sixth Avenue will have 67 apartments in a landmark 1892 building on the historic Ladies’ Mile, where Victorians once strolled.
21 to Nov.
There was one named Karen who particularly annoyed me.
He asked me, “Who is Dick Cavett?”
If we are looking north or north-northwest in the afternoon, then top-lit balls come first.
America is still the land of the free, and the home of the brave, built on the premise that all men are created equal.
I think so, but the current administration’s connection with African-Americans is tenuous at best.
It was definitely a time when during school there was less pressure, less testing and less homework.
Blythe Auffarth, who is in her 20s, doesn’t look particularly convincing as the 14-year-old Megan, but it’s just as well that a child actor wasn’t used, given what is done to her.
It will be his Met debut and, if he attends one of the nine scheduled performances, it will be the first time he has gone to an opera at the Met.
I like watching Current TV.
Serves 2 to 4.
Therefore, I cannot believe that any of the balls in the road were removed or added by Fenton or his assistant, or any nearby soldiers emerging from their caves, absent evidence that said persons were out of their freaking minds.
Almost all factory tints are pretty dark, allowing in only about 20 percent of the light.
The rookie receiver Steve Smith, the team’s second-round draft choice, played for the first time since Week 2.
But Toyota shares fell last month when it recalled about 470,000 vehicles in Japan, its fifth recall there this year.
Even without a subway, there are strong links between Santo Domingo and New York, home to an estimated 550,000 Dominicans, who prop up the country’s economy with the $1 billion they send home annually.
3 was $274.5 million, or 38 cents per share, compared with a profit of $289.9 million, or 39 cents per share, in the same period a year ago.
“I will do my best to speak the truth, and even if it annoys the disbelievers, the truth must be preached,” Mr. Khan said in an interview.
From that moment on, Ms. Bhutto said in later years, she resolved to oust General Zia from power.
There remains an intense hunger for new American voices in the theater.
Furthermore, if you don’t like the way things are running, just wait a while — they’ll change.
Given the fact that no religion has the ability even to prove or provide incontrovertible evidence that the god or gods it claims to adhere to exist, it can only be concluded that all religions are human constructs based on unsupported conjecture that bolster themselves by essentially false (unprovable) claims of absolute authority.
The third group are followers of Eastern religions.
The interviews were completed in early 2005.
I had no direct knowledge of ongoing wars or market meltdowns.
These magnificent instruments do not come cheap.
Under normal circumstances, small amounts of water gather in steam pipes as steam condenses from the loss of heat to the surrounding environment.
Did I mention how much I admire your wit and your spur-of-the-moment quips that light up even the murkiest terrains?
4 — The five workers who were killed by a fire at a hydroelectric plant near Georgetown, Colo., on Tuesday most likely died of smoke inhalation, officials say.
Let Ahmedinajad hoist himself on the petard of his own speech, freely granted to him by a great university which should understand the difference Carter expresses.
You know there’s a problem when it takes a lengthy editorial, from a strong supporter of Mrs. Clinton, to apologize for her botched answer to a simple question.
Kennedy, 22, went 12-3 in the minors and earned his promotion when the Yankees dropped Mike Mussina from the rotation.
It will also stream episodes of Hanna-Barbera and Looney Tunes cartoons.
Finally, a great leader has the ability to empathize with the masses…to truly understand and care that health insurance is increasingly out of reach for many, that schools are deteriorating, that America was always a place of assistance to others not mandates and bullying.
Coaches preach that they are a way to cut down scoring chances, to keep life easier for the goaltenders, and to turn defense into something practiced by the whole team, not just the defensemen.
Little Thomas delivered the keynote address.
Dr. Jane Aronson is a pediatrician, founder and medical director of Worldwide Orphans Foundation, and adoptive mother, who has evaluated and treated more than 6,000 adopted children.
Yesterday’s rally on Wall Street was helped in part by the absence of any big developments in the financial world.
Williams hasn't missed an NFL game because of an injury since 2000 when he was with the New Orleans Saints.
As to the future of this technology, they are waisting their time using famous people in these movies.
This is the opposite of what would be expected if Fenton moved the balls from the side to the center, but it is explained by the “ball scavenging” hypothesis.
And perhaps it’s a tribute to the enduring lure of the Big Apple that, upon emerging, his immediately impulse is to transplant himself to our fair city.
I did not have the words to explain the empty feeling I sometimes got in my heart during family functions when I realized I did not resemble anyone else in the room.
In 1964 Mr. Ekins organized the American team for the International Six-Day Trials in Germany, the Olympics of motorcycling now called the International Six Days Enduro.
He began attending a different class every night and hoedowns on most Saturdays.
This month, the stock reached seven-year highs of more than $14 a share, and the site has more than five million monthly unique visitors.
E.A., which is based in Redwood City, will also assume about $50 million in outstanding VG stock options and has agreed to lend VG up to $35 million until the deal closes.
But now, two years later, the truly thankless nature of Judge Fuller’s task has become evident.
So much so that this week the Writers Guild of America is to go on strike against studios and networks demanding, in part, a stake in future earnings from online and mobile phone content.
Lindsay Davenport lost a tennis match for the first time since giving birth, falling by 6-3, 7-5 to Jelena Jankovic in the semifinals of the China Open yesterday in Beijing.
Justice Konviser-Levine ordered sentences amounting to between 13 and 21 years in prison.
From 2004 through 2006, Americans pulled about $840 billion a year out of residential real estate, via sales, home equity lines of credit and refinanced mortgages, according to data presented in an updated working paper by James Kennedy, an economist, and Alan Greenspan, the former Federal Reserve chairman.
We soon learn that in the morning the couple will be sharing with their children a long-held secret, one they agreed to keep until the twins turned 16.
Inexplicably, I hadn't eaten any salmon yet, so I drove west on a road that wound around Lake Union, listening to KEXP and for the first time really taking in my surroundings: the brilliant water, the vertiginous hills, the green smell that reminds you of nature's unavoidable proximity.
Among those present were the two vice presidents, Adel Abdul-Mehdi and Tariq al-Hashemi; Gen. Aboud Qanbar, the military commander in charge of the security plan; and the United States ambassador, Ryan C. Crocker.
By filing first, NRG is likely to get first consideration from the commission.
So even if they dislodged the stones, we cannot assume the reason was only F & G together — moving the balls to the road.
A.C.S. has been operating under a cloud since it began an inquiry last year into backdating of its stock options.
Team Inept, Mr. Leary’s team, took a more straightforward approach, with a car designed to actually look like a car.
Nick passed along a new book with the most unlikely hero: a North Korean police inspector.
I am planning to get some higher culture this weekend, too.
He would stuff the drawers of his small office, just outside Rice's suite, with positive press clippings of Rice, especially photographs that captured exactly the image he had wanted to convey.
Let’s say we’re close to sunset in the second shot.
Ironically, a day or two before, I had an e-mail from my sister-in-law saying she had been confined to bed for three weeks and would be in bed for three more weeks.
The company grew rapidly through the late 1990s, and at the height of the Internet boom in 2000, 3Com’s stock price rose briefly above $100 a share, only to plummet in the dot-com bust and as a result of management gaffes.
The Suggestion Box is open at Dot Earth.
Born in Thailand to a Vietnamese mother and a father from Réunion, a French-governed island in the Indian Ocean, he is unsure of his date of birth: either April 20, 1924, or (as he long believed) March 5, 1925.
Generations of faithful alumni have established special funds that sustain programs that might otherwise be cut.
As for the interview, I’m not sure what approach to take in editing it.
Before long, they got into a fight with another group of men, including Mr. Tochimani, prosecutors said.
In OFF the hill’s considerably brighter.
Some 70 percent of subprime loans have prepayment penalties, versus 2 percent of prime loans.
What happens when they come forward?
Most young women in our society have enough obstacles to success without dealing with Imus’ inappropriate “humor”.
So, my Doctor prescribed a number of drugs to try.
Given his circumstances at the time it’s not surprising that Twain chose to dramatize the theme of how art is valued during and after an artist’s life.
In other Iraq movies, including quite a few documentaries, the local population is almost entirely invisible.
The F.D.A. itself has not yet acted upon that recommendation.
The video is traumatic and politically consequential; its author was a hero to some, a traitor to others, and it’s not entirely clear what has become of him.
It’s all the same.
But for more earthly escapism, few things beat the Getty Villa, nestled in its own canyon off the Pacific Coast Highway (17985 Pacific Coast Highway, 310-440-7300; www.getty.edu; open Thursday to Monday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., reservation required; entry is free, but there is an $8 parking fee).
Meanwhile “Composers” has gained prominence through an initiative focusing on artists who both write and perform.
Anyway, I called the camp office because a colleague had asked if I knew any camp that still staged color war — the end-of-summer foofaraw in which all the campers split into two sides (ours were red and gray) and staged four days of competition that ultimately left one side jumping around like lunatics and the other bawling its eyes out.
I did meet Mailer at the 1996 presidential debate in San Diego.
Heather heard the bell, then heard the music and thought, A siren song!
Bring it on!
So much close reading, strong analysis, impressive knowledge and — not a surprise but still a pleasure — so much lucid prose.
(A fine Joan Chen flexes her red claws as his wife.)
In trading yesterday, A.I.G. closed at $59.43, up 25 cents.
Passing students and pedestrians answered “no” and “kind of” when asked if they knew of the atom breakthroughs at Pupin Hall.
Lockheed was engaged to reopen its production line and build an updated model of its old photo satellite.
I know that I was the only fourth-grader for whom the public library had a filed parental note saying I was to be allowed to check out books regardless of maturity level even if I wasn’t accompanied by a parent.
I’m a movie fanatic and remember the details of almost every movie I’ve ever seen.
But United Nations officials told Mr. Carter’s entourage that the Sudanese state police could bar his way.
This one separates those who want to use technology to grow smarter from those who want to use it to get dumber.
Fenton mde his photographs on 23 April, St. George’s Day and (only putatively) Shakespeare’s birthday.
Desperate Housewives ABC Originals through early Dec.
But he has taken a lot from it, and used it better and more variously than many of his contemporaries.
Ed Mierzwinski, director of the group’s consumer programs, said on-campus campaigns with gifts may be more dangerous to students’ financial health than other approaches.
And there are fresh findings on why the sea ice around the North Pole has seen dramatic summer retreats lately.
When another disastrous outbreak occurred in 2002, the inspection service concluded that voluntary measures were not enough and more stringent regulations were needed.
The conflict has claimed more than 30,000 lives.
The only development along much of the shoreline is modest homes spaced a half-mile apart, with the occasional bed-and-breakfast and lighthouse thrown into the mix.
And the weariness it causes.
With $2 million from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the library’s first mass digitization effort will make 136,000 books accessible to any search engine through the Open Content Alliance.
Broadway did $2.9 million in ticket sales, plus whatever was sold at “Young Frankenstein,” the only show not reporting its grosses.
Credit Suisse and Royal Bank of Scotland, for instance, cut their production by about a third, according to data from Asset-Backed Alert.
Mr. Hanson operates a dozen restaurants in Manhattan.
In a later lunch, Kissinger crowns Donald Rumsfeld “the rottenest person he had known in government”; his sins included persuading Ford “to make George Bush head of the C.I.A. so he would be extinguished as the vice presidential candidate in 1976 (and thereby, he added, probably losing Ford the election).”
Many see colors attached to specific letters or numbers.
Mr. Sarkozy described the event that sparked the violence — the death of two teenage boys whose motorbike collided with a police car in Villiers-le-Bel — as “distressing.”
Both men created public masks for themselves, not a rare thing in a writer’s paper sack of baubles, but the masks were held in place for so long that they could not be taken off except in the work.
Sergeant Gaskins started going to church again, and he also approached Tod Ensign, director of Citizen Soldier, a veterans’ advocacy group, for advice.
These heavy guns were mostly ones taken off ships; both sides did this…” A second email discussed the range of the guns: “The heaviest ordnance could fire at a range of up to two miles: this is why the British had to site their camp further than that away from Sevastopol (but by supercharging their guns the Russians could still reach the camp).
Nanette Lepore black and gold mini-striped Gamine coat with jet-cluster buttons; $610 at Neimanmarcus.com or Nanette Lepore in New York, (212) 219-8265.
Simple — they would have cut a cheesy deal with another supplier.
The company said details would be released later.
Jimmy Stewart.
But since Sony offered the first commercial lithium-ion cells in 1991, their costs have fallen by a factor of 12, he said.
Well, as soon as the door shut behind him, he realized he was in the hall.
The seventh victim was reported to have been a student at Clemson University.
My finger was constricting on the trigger.
“Snazzy” comes from “snasach,” which means polished, glossy or elegant.
“They train these guys like they do and then they’re surprised?” he said.
Christians are obligated to believe God’s word, not the politically-correct beliefs of secular 21st century journalists.
The average age of the crowd was up there, and one of the “mature groupies” caught my eye.
You should know going in, too, that the company responsible for tearing down this bastion of outrageous roaming rates is a little group of 13 people in Ireland, with vast experience in calling cards but none in cellphone sales.
(860) 527-7838 or www.theaterworkshartford.org.
The ready availability of that financing encouraged more risks to be taken by lenders.
Kumaar Thakkar, who lives in Mumbai, India, and sells jammers online, said he exported 20 a month to the United States, twice as many as a year ago.
The publisher of The Washington Post dished and dissed, starting with her mother.
It was revived at the Circle Rep with William Hurt and, in 1979, made into a film with Dick Van Dyke.
And I don’t think getting more money is the main thing for him.
Suicide, infidelity, spousal abuse and arrested development are the building blocks of “Park,” a wearisome comedy about disturbed, vehicle-bound Angelenos who take a very long lunch hour in a very ugly public park.
“I thought it would be too intense, but I was wrong,” Alicia said.
Take his young son to see the space shuttle launch.
By the look of it, many a traveler puzzled over whether to turn right or left at the wadi.
I suggest it was because most were seeing it as I have proposed: sophomoric, rude, crude, stereotype exploiting, and - often enough - very funny.
If the inevitable turnover of personnel in a new school year took any toll on the preparation of the choir, it didn’t show.
He sketched out routes.
Initially, I injected Imitrex to avoid the 24 hours lost to pain.
While the living room overlooked the garden, the apartment itself was two plain white boxes.
But Alex Kilgore, the group’s artistic director (who also directed “Squalor” and “Specter”; Ari Edelson directed the others), has a nice format here, and shows great taste in playwrights.
About 100 billion euros, or $144 billion, in buyout loans is still on bank balance sheets waiting for syndication, figures from the European High Yield Association showed.
Whether you have scenes from your neighborhood, or eyewitness video of breaking news, we really want to see it. taking questions In honor of Halloween, Kate Davey, an expert on the paranormal in New York City, answered City Room readers' questions this week, shedding light on the possible haunting of the Ansonia, the Dakota, Grand Central, Roosevelt Island...
Again, I am happy for your reunion with your daughter and your beautiful granddaughter, Taylor.
Many consider the South Carolina primary as Mr. Thompson’s to lose.
‘OH THE HUMANITY AND OTHER GOOD INTENTIONS’ Previews start Saturday.
Its shares rose $2.72, or 3.4 percent, to $82.25 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The project — part performance art, part post-trauma therapy — began as a practical matter.
Preventive medicine actually costs money — somebody has to spend time counseling patients and screening them for disease — and it is not clear how soon, or even whether, substantial savings will show up.
Recall the 2003 Florida Marlins.
The neighborhoods of Bedford-Stuyvesant, Bushwick, Ocean Hill, East New York and Flatbush are all among the 20 New York City neighborhoods with the most foreclosures.
“It’s been like peeling an onion,” he said of the layers of problems.
Michael Thomas, the author of “Man Gone Down”; David Orr on poetry; Sam Tanenhaus on Saul Bellow.
The Three Gorges was supposed to be a model program that would not just move people but also rebuild communities.
Burke sits atop the hockey world these days, as general manager of the defending Stanley Cup champion Ducks, who began the season over the weekend by splitting two games against Los Angeles in London.
Roche said it was evaluating its legal options, including a possible appeal.
Two quibbles: Kristin Worrall’s transition from spooky onlooker to gentle sage is jarring, lessening the impact of her previously mysterious presence, and Mr. Liska’s second-act cameo, replacing the fabulous Thomas Hummel (another onlooker, mostly, but freaked out and wearing a bat outfit), is too cute.
He would pitch at the back end of the Mets’ rotation.
The presence of the van and Fenton himself could have given the Russians to choose that time to bombard the area again.
10.
These can all help, but nothing can assure that marriages survive.
There’s even a legion of actor-filmmakers like Clint Eastwood and George Clooney.
An editorial in The New York Post titled “Commissioner Kelly’s Prescience” commended his department for publishing a report on homegrown terrorism one day before the conviction of Jose Padilla, a Brooklyn-born convert to Islam, on federal terrorism charges.
If that’s true, why does it seem all users of the operating system loathe it?
Neither man had faced the other this year, and neither had won a major title.
But Chinese regulatory agencies have failed to cooperate to stop chemical companies from exporting drug products.
Then she left to draw up search warrants: The police towed Officer Sawyer’s Nissan Xterra from outside his home on West 102nd Street, and four detectives carted some of his clothes out of his fifth-floor apartment so they could be tested for powder burns.
In any given colony of bacteria, some portion will often have a natural resistance to antibiotics.
Vonage went public in May 2006 at $17 and its shares have generally headed lower since then.
The house, with its white columned entrance and sunny breakfast room, appeared in the movie “The Insider,” about the whistle-blower who provided crucial testimony in the case against tobacco manufacturers, countering their claims that they had been unaware of the health dangers of cigarettes.
Mr. Pearson is taking his medication while in custody, the authorities said.
And in the eyes of some, the new casinos, which include the 17-story Motor City Hotel and Casino that opened on Nov.
Imagine if John Roberts is put under house arrest in DC and the Supreme Court is taken over by the Marines.
Just three years ago, the leaders of the conservative Christian political movement could almost see the Promised Land.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Altria Group Inc <MO.N>, parent of the Philip Morris tobacco companies, posted quarterly profit that beat Wall Street estimates, helped by higher prices in the United States and the weaker dollar.
Thanks, Mr. Morris, for a thorough and thoroughly enjoyable read.
“He was hitting on him with his hands and a bat,” the girl said.
I agree with Bruce that the process everyone went through was more fascinating than the original question!
Although the total amount of radiation exposure to pregnant women is still relatively low, the doubling effect in just a decade is the latest indicator that medical scans are exposing patients to record amounts of ionizing radiation, a type of radiation that can alter cells and lead to health risks, including cancer.
“Make Me a Song: The Music of William Finn” runs daily except Thursday at New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton; (212) 239-6300.
But what if there are no big leagues anymore?
“Alex touched so many people,” Dr. Pepperberg, a lecturer and research associate at Harvard University, said in a telephone interview.
Regulators are not sure if the deaths and abnormal behavior were caused by the drugs, the flu virus or a combination of both, the F.D.A. staff members said in a memorandum written Nov.
The country worsened the recidivism crisis when it killed off many of the in-prison education programs that have a strong track record of helping released inmates live crime-free lives.
As a rare spokesman for the hundreds of thousands of Pygmies in nations like Congo, Mr. Lonoa is only too familiar with what he calls the “repugnance” society feels toward his people and the “inferiority complex” it has engendered in them.
On a map, Faro looks as though it snapped off the northern tip of Gotland and is poised to float off to sea.
One can get one’s point across without insult.
What courage does that take now that his presidency has turned out to be a disaster?
The display includes Frances Elkins chairs, a Gerrit Rietveld sideboard, a lacquered vase by Jean Dunand, a Fritz Henningsen armchair and contemporary seating by Frank Gehry.
Habitat for Humanity International, the affordable housing organization, runs 500 such shops in 45 states, mostly selling easily recoverable accessories like cabinets, doors and flooring.
In my one strong relationship I had fallen into the role that Larry prescribed.
Photo “OFF” has far fewer balls, yet the curious addition of at least two balls (bottom far left above the large rock).
My previous car was a red Nissan NX with it’s adorable T top.
After developing the first image, he then was able to adjust the exposure resulting in the better second ON image.
Folks will need to get over it and look forward to electing the most qualified from both parties, Hillary.
Nevertheless, the customer service aspect of the security process has evolved, and the Transportation Security Administration deserves credit, as I said in this space not long ago.
“That stuff is like concrete,” said Mr. Barone, whose pit name is Steve-O Gratin.
Quarterly profit increased to $526 million, or 56 cents a share, from $485 million, or 52 cents a share, a year earlier.
His conclusion: “Its a combination of who you are and what you’re going through,” (life stresses).
Johnson vowed to go for five straight wins in the season-ending Ford 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Sunday, but settled for seventh as he easily held off his friend and Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jeff Gordon for the title.
Here’s what science shows parents can do to help keep their teen drivers safe.
Somehow, generic Japanese goods have become sought-after items in New York.
Its the percentage gain that counts.
We don’t know the future but we will keep our anger burning inside.
This leads me to the following conclusion; the ON photo was first - the balls were then collected and removed, and then the OFF photo was taken.
The breakup comes two weeks after MGIC filed suit to force Radian to divulge information that MGIC could use to walk away from the deal.
For Sumeia Williams, an adult adoptee, a long withheld clue to her birth history brings both anger and hope.
The difference is that when the original life forms got started, they had no predators because there was nothing else.
The theory is that my migraines were caused by the strain of trying to move my jaw forward (I had no sense that I was doing this).
To ease the pre-Thanksgiving jam of planes in the New York area, traffic to there from Texas, which would normally pass over Washington, was routed on a dogleg path to the north, not turning east until the planes reached a radio beacon near Dayton, Ohio.
Wary of being disappointed twice, Mr. Lloyd declined to participate in Welles’s next project, “Citizen Kane,” but rebounded with the title role in “Saboteur” (which is being shown by Film Forum on a double bill with this documentary).
Players can also win cash and other prizes.
Saul Hansell the Apple basher strikes again with “Apple backs down on premium prices,” as if Apple’s clear goal all along has been to raise prices on music downloads.
For news tips and press announcements, please use the e-mail links on the blog home page to reach our writers and editors.
Whether you have scenes from your neighborhood, or eyewitness video of breaking news, we really want to see it. — Steven M.E-Mail and Text Messages Are Fine.
Presto!
When the heavy shelling began in August, the Iranians also unleashed infantry attacks on guerrilla positions near this outpost but were beaten back, the guerrillas say.
The cause was obvious, according to Dr. Roush, now 42 and a philosophy professor at the University of California, Berkeley: the day before, she had been given a prescription decongestant with an ingredient suspected of causing strokes in young women.
Ms. Nordon’s choices were limited because of money; she and Gonpo now share a single room with another person.
Mr. Aimard, who has won the world over as a pianist, was its precise, high-energy conductor on Friday.
PAT HANNIGAN, 71 Longtime minor league forward who played two seasons for the Rangers in the early 1960s.
Six students escaped with minor injuries, including smoke inhalation.
Meanwhile, a U.N. envoy pressed Asian nations to take the lead in resolving the crisis in Myanmar as calls intensified for countries to use their financial leverage against the junta.
Though it’s not uncommon for films to be released alongside “inspired by” albums, it is rare for them to be recorded by a single artist, let alone by a major star who had no role in the movie.
The men thought Taylor, though injured, was still traveling with the team for a game against Tampa that Sunday.
Newspaper circulation has declined steadily for more than 10 years.
For those without, the Museum of Sex.
The prosecutor’s office said that he was taking the prescription drug Adderall, which is used to treat attention deficit disorder.
He was credited with 28 tackles and a sack last year.
We cover start-ups, giant enterprises, government policies and the way technology is used around the world.
Happily, disagreements about the direction Fenton was facing when he took the picture were resolved by my trip to the Crimea.
Until Professor Hamill focused on fiscal policies in light of Judeo-Christian moral principles, most scholarly work on religion and taxes was largely devoted to the issue of tax evasion.
“I needed to solve the riddle in my own mind,” he said.
What’s on it?
The book, edited by Beth Hanson and published by the Brooklyn Botanic Garden, has a dozen recipes, including a creamy gratin that can be made with any of six or seven kinds of tubers.
One recent evening, Mr. Winkle and Mr. Martin were host to another couple considering a second home in the Indiana Dunes, and to their neighbors Don Bergh and Anne Weaver.
ERROL MORRIS: I’m convinced we are looking north.
The council is not alone among the nonprofit organizations of Madison Avenue in radically changing its media options.
Beyond that, she suggested wiping down light-colored granite at least once a day with a soft sponge and mild dish or hand soap.
After Stewart rushed for a 15-yard gain on a third-and-14, Oregon marched on and Stewart capped the drive with a 1-yard plunge.
An instructor paid to teach a course should keep opinion out of his curriculum, unless it is directly relevant to the subject at hand.
Michigan officials are similarly arguing the state should not be penalized, saying the decision to set their primary on Jan.
I am watching the television.
Those cases remain unsolved.
With trickery and the spectacular, slashing running of Ray Rice, who had 181 rushing yards, Rutgers defeated the University of South Florida, the nation’s second-ranked team, 30-27.
Every sentence in a news story, though, has the potential to spiral off in new directions, and that's where The Lede's mission begins. + City Room Our blog about New York City. + Newsvine Updated by the People, for the People. + Passport By Foreign Policy magazine.
In the next room over, where he and his brothers sleep, I looked at an album of photographs.
Which means that, without a personal G.P.S., I can stay lost, until I’m found.
Federal law enforcement officials said the team of about 10 F.B.I. special agents had been sent to Baghdad at the request of the State Department to oversee the Blackwater investigation.
I enjoyed the first part of the essay better than the last installment.
To ease worries, wind park developers are increasingly weighing the design of a high-productivity wind park against the costs of muting its effect on the landscape, Ms. Robledo said.
But the members of several religious orders said they wondered why the archdiocese was creating an academy-type school when that kind of educational option exists in the city’s independent Catholic schools.
In South Brunswick, 20 iPods were used last spring in French and Spanish classes.
Often, students will be afraid to discuss race –or to call me “white”, or to say anything about “white people”– until this space is established.
My re-educator, a slim Spanish woman named Mónica, is technically a masseuse-physiotherapist, but I’ve come to think of her as a sort of Pilates instructor for the below-the-belt region.
Maps showing the mineral springs are available from the Chamber of Commerce (354 Manitou Avenue; 719-685-5089; www.manitousprings.org).
What a beautiful ending.
As luck would have it, a fascinating feature today from the McClatchy newspaper chain’s Washington bureau offers many details about how the “most responsible” nation’s largest energy consumer — the American military — is doing “something,” in fact, a lot of things, to go green.
Over the past few months, Mr. Bush has sounded more like the national Mr. Fix-It than the man who began his second term with a sweeping domestic policy agenda of overhauling Social Security, remaking the tax code and revamping immigration law.
A representative for Restoration Hardware and a spokesman for Sears Holdings both declined to comment.
IT is a truth not universally acknowledged that a single man who meets his wife-to-be at the Sundance Film Festival is likely to make his proposal of marriage a cinematic one.
In retirement, Houston earned $42 million, the final payout from the six-year, $100 million contract he signed in 2001.
Exploring the centrist view on global warming.
That won’t do anything right away, but then change the image size.
Within days of reading about the latest decline in the number of black students, he began a campaign to reverse it.
1 about 6 a.m. in their rented home in East Orange.
At Josie Robertson Plaza at Lincoln Center, where 2,000 free seats will be available, the performance also will be relayed, but tickets, limited to two a person on a first-come-first-served basis, will be required.
All of your reading material, and even your notes, bookmarks and clippings, is automatically backed up on Amazon.com.
Here is my take…photography as a historic record, as in photojournalism, should never be posed or altered.
One of the more remarkable facts about the subprime crisis is that total losses to the financial system may be about equal to the amount of subprime loans that were issued.
So, for demonstration, we hopped on my cycle and went roaring down Commercial Street heading for the Midcape Highway and Norman’s house in Truro where there was (naturally) a party going on.
They could choose to distribute it evenly among union members or single out exceptional teachers.
But since the mistakes in the laboratory, the nation’s busiest, were found to have been made in 2002, some of the evidence has been destroyed, making any new tests very difficult, according to the review, which was released yesterday.
Wagner had told Randolph before the game that he would be unavailable because his arm was going through a dead-arm period.
He and his assistant (no reason to assume Fenton didn’t help) move the cannon balls from the ditch on the RIGHT side of the road (where there appear to be far fewer cannon balls in the ON photograph)and place them strategically on the road and in the left-side ditch–which makes sense, because the ditch would then look more like the ditch further down the road with its abundance of cannon balls.
Calverton officials matched his name and Social Security number to one Willie Hayes of Harlem, an Army veteran decorated several times for service in Vietnam and honorably discharged in 1970.
Truly, I can’t see a problem with a couple minutes of silence…to be with your “own self” and just think, whatever.
“Our vision is to be part of the monthly budget of one million families,” Mr. Ganesh said.
On the morning of April 12, 2006, Hussein was out buying bread for breakfast when he heard a blast on a nearby street in Ramadi, according to the AP investigation.
It’s still early for Facebook, but it’s no time to slow down.
Expenses for treating the indigent that year were $61,000, apparently absorbed by the hospital.
The Oscars, by forcefully acknowledging artistic excellence, help people access the angels of their better natures.
T, published 15 times a year, is a glossy, unabashed tribute to the good life, as defined in its pages by Hästens mattress and box spring sets starting at $4,475, Swiss “coffee centers” topping $3,600, and a Roger Vivier satin clutch with silver sequins going for $15,000.
Whatever I do in the end.
As Faro’s agricultural industry has weakened, its tourism has exploded.
The two sides have taken the case to the Delaware Court of Chancery, with a trial tentatively scheduled for July.
And all this is exactly what Apple has been doing really well since Jobs return.
For the first few years I had them every weekend.
For a close-up view of the Montezuma Castle, call United World College (505-454-4200) for advance permission to enter the property, or to register for a tour.
Parents need to be parents, not friends.
They also took apart the wheels to reset the ball bearings inside.
He was not made available to the news media but was going to fly back to Miami with the team, Coach Cam Cameron said.
Pink campaigns in stores provide significant amounts of money to breast cancer charities.
Then there is Mma Ramotswe herself.
Like all of the seductive men’s clothes in the boutique, it was something you might see on today’s hip Actorman as he goes about his Johnny Depp day, sitting disheveled in the front row of fashion shows or on the way to his model-singer girlfriend’s album release party: the leather patchwork jacket, the drapey cashmere V-neck, the vest worn with nothing underneath.
27 through Nov.
Representatives of the six countries met in Paris on Saturday afternoon to discuss further punitive Security Council measures against Iran after the final talks in London failed to produce a breakthrough.
Being booed at Cannes can be a rite of passage or merely ritualistic, and it’s neither a novel occurrence nor especially notable: Sofia Coppola was booed, as were Antonioni and Bresson.
With about 50 percent of the market, Medtronic is the largest maker of implantable cardioverter defibrillators, which are lifesaving devices that can shock a racing heartbeat back to normal rhythm.
From the side street, it’s as if the big 1927 apartment house at 720 Park Avenue, designed by Rosario Candela, had never been built.
Microsoft is like Abu Dhabi, they have cash but no clue what to do with it.
She died of cancer five weeks later.
In 1995, it was given a flashier look with rhinestones.
But even a quick scan of my surroundings revealed M.I.A. items like leather upholstery, heated and powered seats; a navigation system, Xenon headlamps, sunroof, cruise control, satellite radio, rain-sensing wipers and trip computer.
She put $350,000 into it and sold it three years ago for $900,000.
Research shows that people who write out specific goals tend to be more successful in accomplishing things, whatever the nature of their objectives.
I’m a big fan and I hope to see you in the Mens National Team roster very soon.
Mark Twain’s comedy, adapted by David Ives, takes a sharp look at the art world.
Calling those women whores was not political speech; it was slander.
I personally utilize behavioral, cognitive, emotional, and medical modalities for my treatment.
A Damien Hirst is up for $2.
There was plenty of inconvenience to go around.
Enthusiastic reviews, intelligent filmmaking, even hot sex are no longer automatically enough to persuade a distributor to jump.
Get out your handkerchiefs, if you please, for “Rock ’n’ Roll,” the triumphantly sentimental new play by Tom Stoppard.
And it was routine — his routine.
When I upgrade to a larger set next year, I’m very inclined to purchase another Vizio.
That project will give G.M. closer access to government officials.
Mr. Baryshnikov speaks, credibly enough, in “Rough for Theater I,” in which he plays a blind beggar violinist to Bill Camp’s vagabond in a wheelchair.
Wired magazine was a sponsor of the Wired LivingHome in Los Angeles this year, a $4 million modern prefabricated house with an automated energy-and-water regulation system and black solar panels — showing green as high-tech, not hippie.
A safer bet is that the real rivalry will be between Windows and some form of Linux, with Hewlett-Packard and Dell, the No. 1 and No. 2 PC makers, building machines of both flavors and Cisco making the routers.
IT might seem a natural thing to do, and from a musical point of view it is.
Poetry of all kinds, but war poetry in particular, has a different significance for a cadet at West Point than it does for undergraduates at most other colleges and universities.
Bill Richardson or John Edwards would be better.
19 to Community Board 4 in Manhattan illustrates the changes and their impact on pedestrians, cyclists and motorists.
RALSTON Once the performances have been captured, you’re in a virtual world where you can put the camera anywhere you want with any lens you want and do any camera move you want.
Not, apparently, for the Colts.
David Petrovich, the executive director of the Society for the Preservation of Continued Homeownership, a nonprofit loan-counseling organization in Oakhurst, N.J., said the lender might be willing to accept partial payments for a few months if the borrower’s financial problems are temporary and will improve.
What does that mean exactly, “plenty passed up on each side”?
He had passed me the review to hand to Vidal and was now trying to get him to “read what you wrote,” when he noticed Janet Flanner whispering to Vidal.
Mr. Smith was sentenced to death by lethal injection.
They were banished to his fleet of Crosley Hotshots, painted his signature shade of Cherokee Red, a trip about as comfortable as crossing the country in a golf cart.
But I do agree that in our culture we are bombarded with information and worry, and sorely compromised by lack of sleep and overwork.
CARE, which did not testify at the hearing, has decided to largely stop selling food aid in poor countries by 2009 on the grounds that such sales are a highly inefficient way to raise money and can undermine peasants in those countries who are trying to grow and market the same or substitute crops.
Here at UConn, which received more grant money than any other institution this year, the effects of the program can be seen in the hum of research taking place.
The Sundance Film Festival, begun more than two decades ago by Robert Redford, has become a hothouse for the crossing of art with commerce, with Hollywood producers searching for the next breakout hit — “Little Miss Sunshine” being the best recent example — and aspiring auteurs hoping to be discovered.
Bulldozers are remaking ThyssenKrupp’s old steel mill into a terraced hillside community, with shops, restaurants and single-family homes surrounding a man-made lake.
We cover start-ups, giant enterprises, government policies and the way technology is used around the world.
Torre said he could tell Wang was feeling better yesterday because he was running on the field five hours before the game.
This might even be a good way for a student to approach this very question–how does it happen that a caricature (in Bush, or in Ahab) replaces the actual character or person in the public’s mind?
The other obvious thing: Dr Bollinger overlooked one of the basic requirements of all human society, which is to accept the resposibilities of a host.
Among the six independent directors, only two owned shares in the funds as of last September: Mr. McFadden owned between $1 and $10,000 worth, while Mr. Willis owned between $10,001 and $50,000 worth, according to regulatory filings.
I cast, and yet I hope I won’t hook another trout, because it would mean even wetter, colder hands and the trouble of drying the fly and, probably, tying a new knot.
The Off image shows a lower angle of light of a descending sun, even through some degree of haze.
One of 17 areas named by the city as recovery zones ripe for private investment, Tulane Avenue is lined with boarded-up buildings and bail bond offices.
He looked up to GOP moderates like Nelson Rockefeller and William Milliken, the long-time governor of our home state of Michigan-men born to privilege who used their power for the benefit of all, not just their own class.
And following a short initial burst of bullets, the Blackwater guards unleashed an overwhelming barrage of gunfire even as Iraqis were turning their cars around and attempting to flee.
Growing up, my mother taught me “sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me”.
ILike, an Internet music company based in Seattle, was among the first to introduce a Facebook application when the site was opened up in May.
It is doubtful that any of them are breaking even at this point — not even the University of South Florida, which joined the Big East Conference in 2005 and has climbed into the top 5 of the college rankings this fall.
6 — Amy Winehouse, the British soul singer whose battles with addiction have turned her into a tabloid regular, drew six Grammy nominations, including nods for the four marquee categories, today as the contenders for the 50th annual awards ceremony were announced.
Of course we should.
Hey, I have an idea: let’s mix up some metaphors and make a mountain of the molehill that is a $1 billion drop in the bucket of a $12 trillion economy.
It is on the pulse of this moment that Patricia Hampl’s fifth memoir, “The Florist’s Daughter,” begins.
I haven’t missed it.
The four characters toss around all sorts of odious stereotypes, with big-chested Russian waitresses, tattooed teenagers, Paul McCartney’s children, Jews, Spaniards and Pakistanis all taking a beating.
He asks a girl with straight blond hair in a diaphanous granny dress where Hollywood is.
A lot of intellectualizing over what appears to be, pardon the use of this word to Mr. Morris, obvious.
He said that in years past, Internet shoppers tended to be wealthier but that “online buying populations every year look more and more like the regular U.S. population.”
Another sought-after address is Leggett Road, in Stone Ridge, where 1800s-era homes with ample land can list for $2.5 million.
Mr. Hiraman then took another cab to school.
In Boston some years ago a man had rammed her at the toll booth and then threatened her before driving off.
But rolling bags are really functional only for the type of journey that goes taxi-airport-taxi-hotel-shuttle bus-convention center.
It did not find its way to a major stage until 1902, nine years after Shaw conceived it.
A lone bidder went for the painting, which brought $1.6 million, under its $1.8 million low estimate.
(Last year we had smudge-gate; this year, midge-gate.
The latest episode came as senior officials from the Pentagon and the State Department were due to arrive in Baghdad on Sunday to arrange new measures to tighten control over security firms and coordinate their movements more closely with the United States military.
Should Republicanism also be part of the discussion?
Mr. Cavett seems to overlook the fact that the comment Imus made about the RU team was not only not funny, but boring and disconnected from reality.
His protagonists are aware of the unfairness of the caste system and are beginning to rebel; when they fight, it’s with reluctance and because they have no other choice.
They listen to him because he comes from their streets and they know that he is speaking his truths.
At least five ultrafamous stars came through with pairs of films, one for the art and one for the money, not escaping their niches so much as adding another.
The only reason people still think advertising is viable online is that Google has figured out a way to trick some people into confusing ads with search results.
Cano chased Ramirez with an RBI single in the sixth, and Wilson Betemit made it 4-0 with a run-scoring single against Eric O'Flaherty that went off the glove of shortstop Yunieksy Betancourt.
For Myanmar, the gas fields would mean more cash.
Some maps of Manhattan have failed to find a proper neighborhood name for this stretch of Madison Avenue around East 29th Street — not quite Gramercy Park, not really Murray Hill.
WASHINGTON, Oct.
“Keep quiet,” urges a sign at the park's entrance, “and you will hear the sound of a beautiful bird chorus, flurries of a colorful wing.”
In Group A, Liverpool, which won the title in 2005, can ensure that it advances with a victory in France against Olympique Marseille.
They usually arrive back at the parking lot at 5 or 6 p.m.
Point for Nixon.
On Jan.
Mr. de Rato said that although Spain’s economy had grown faster than that of the European Union as a whole in recent years, corporate deal-making in the country is only now picking up.
OSAKA, Japan, Friday, Aug.
She lives in Boise, Idaho.
A collodion plate must be exposed while wet; as the plate dries, it decreases in sensitivity.
They are now used by all the major record labels and even a few independents.
I will never look at photos the same way again.
21.
The league is charging cable companies 70 cents per subscriber per month, making the network one of the most expensive channels in the cable universe, far pricier than such cable staples as CNN, CNBC and the Discovery Channel.
Dan Topping, not his brother Bob, was the co-owner of the Yankees at the time, but Dan laughed along with everybody else there.
But you can make a small area match almost precisely, and then as you flip between one and the other, you just say, “What changed here?”
She is a normal child.
The guy said that between shots of the soldier being hit by a bullet and falling backwards, arms flailing, rifle falling, there were pictures of the same man with another soldier laughing and smoking cigarettes!
Conversely, CIFS client enables OpenSolaris systems to act as CIFS clients in a Microsoft environment.
But he appeared in 75 playoff games and always seemed indispensable — a selfless player who did all the little things.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
“There’s currently a ludicrous suggestion that blood was found in a hire care that they hired 25 days after Madeleine was taken,” Ms. McGuinness told Sky News during an interview in Portugal.
Pieces seem either necessary — to a viewer’s world, to her sense of herself — or, like Ms. Rainer’s hopelessly outmoded “RoS Indexical,” they fail.
She died exactly a decade ago this Christmas.
Edith Grossman on translation; Joel Agee on Elfriede Jelinek; Dave Itzkoff on science fiction.
I agonized over the question of what was best for my baby, and felt selfish for the decision I made.
The complex at Herrmannsdorf — which includes a bakery, a dairy and a brewery along with vegetable gardens and pigsties and the restaurant — was created by Karl-Ludwig Schweisfurth, a former large-scale sausage maker who repented of his ways and designed the constellation of enterprises to illustrate a better way of living and eating.
Inside, the police found the packaging from duct tape and a BB gun as well as cable ties, light-colored latex gloves, black and blue rubber gloves and a Lowe’s receipt from the previous day.
Another, “Dr. Seuss’s How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
You won’t find secrets about alien encounters in any of my work.
The city gave a second group of schools the option to take part.
After a trip upstairs to the lounge, where Ms. Perez bumped into the director Brett Ratner, a friend since the 1980s, she hugged her cast mates good night.
Mr. Kelleher said the large trading loss was a result of a bet taken by several traders that the subprime market would worsen.
Good luck!
The possibility of written Army records and/or the possible diaries of soldiers would be helpful, I think.
Both men said the N.R.A. and Mr. Levy’s team were now on good terms.
The Fabulous Five — Beard, Groza, Wah Wah Jones, Cliff Barker and Kenny Rollins — formed the heart of the United States basketball team that won a gold medal at the 1948 Olympics.
But when she tries to cut back, the disease flares up.
At one point, Majid’s friend yells at the commander: “What are you proud of?
The Arizona Pro Bowl safety Adrian Wilson will have season-ending surgery on his ailing right heel, the team said yesterday.
Officials at the immigration agency said last week that they received 2.5 million applications for visas and for naturalization in July and August, more than double the applications in the same period last year.
“We had a market-risk lens looking at those products, not the credit-risk lens looking at those products,” Mr. Crittenden said.
That's virtually all the way back to the once-criticized price of $34 a share struck by Zell last April after sinking as low as $22.78 in August amid jitters about prospects for Tribune and the sale.
But for how long?
And the United Nations has increasingly warned of the high toll these disasters exact on the poor, including for the long term.
In the ancestral migrations, she said, it probably took hundreds of generations for immigrants to evolve lighter skins for absorbing more sunlight.
To encourage that trend, Ms. Conlon and the other leaders of the council have started asking agencies that specialize in interactive advertising to take the lead in creating campaigns, rather than turning first to agencies known for television and print campaigns.
After boot camp when I could eat, smoke and exercise as little as I wanted, I started having migraines again.
A lot more show up in the road than disappear from the side.
In addition to age, Mr. Hesse said technology had changed the experience as well.
Fish and birds can eat or become tangled in fishing gear or other plastic flotsam.
Earlier this year Kristen Skaff, a 35-year-old lawyer outside Detroit, stumbled upon Mr. Wygant’s Web site and bought a few of his audio tapes.
Mystery is the answer and with that we’re left.
Or more basically, suppose one teaches Othello, or Edward II, or The Merchant of Venice (all canonical works); and suppose these plays elicit a clearly racist, or homophobic, or anti-Semitic response, what does one do?
December crude oil rose $2.92, or 3.2 percent, to settle at $94.09 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange on forecasts that United States inventory data today will show a decline in supply in the latest week.
Ms. Stephens pays $1,675 for the real bedroom.
Share your theories in the comments section.
What are they promising, exactly?
While many nuclear experts in the federal government favored offering the PALS system because they considered Pakistan’s arsenal among the world’s most vulnerable to terrorist groups, some administration officials feared that sharing the technology would teach Pakistan too much about American weaponry.
Isn’t it interesting that in the OFF photo there are no balls on either the footpath or the road, but in the ON photo there are “additional” balls only on the road (not a single one on the footpath).
They then spewed their reasons why, the majority of which were revolving around our presence in Iraq.
A year before filming “The Darjeeling Limited,” Mr. Anderson made a 13-minute movie called “Hotel Chevalier” featuring one of the characters from “The Darjeeling Limited.”
Actually, there is another hitch.
All they were trying to do, in Godfrey Hodgson’s phrase, was “turn the world right side up” — to rediscover an older, better America, one so fundamentally disfigured by decades of liberal government that many Americans did not even realize it was once the norm.
Each one will riff of a familiar television show or movie, like 24, Survivor and in the episode posted below, Star Wars.
Three days after noticing something was wrong, he was found to have hydrocephalus, a condition in which fluid accumulates in the brain.
The side effects are not that bad either, except for some blurred vision sometimes in the morning if I wake up too early.
The winning bidder had overbid his hand.
I still cannot explain the rock discrepancy though.
Denied access to the man himself, he interviews legions of Nicholson’s friends, acquaintances and family members; analyzes his movies; and pieces together a detailed, heavily endnoted narrative about the man he calls “the Gatsby of Mulholland Drive.”
A satellite office of the previous, much larger Miramax, the place doesn’t exactly shout Hollywood, but rather whispers of the back-office functions it used to house.
It is a statistic built on bravery and strategy, calculated risk and not a small slice of insanity.
A separate report today showed that manufacturing activity in New York State slowed slightly in November.
The top-shelf cast of this Lincoln Center revival includes Jonathan Cake, Martha Plimpton, Michael Cerveris and Phylicia Rashad.
I believe that same right to express a viewpoint should be afforded to every teacher - as long as it is relevant to what is being taught.
They speak their lines and carry out their actions, and, by the time the film is over, we know them inside and out.
Recently, when an employee’s mother died, they staged a show in Tompkins Square Park, where audiences donated enough to cover a round-trip ticket to fly the employee, a young woman, home.
Even if city residents were to demand statehood, approval by the State Legislature would be required, and from Congress as well.
And some were tasty, sweet and tart and aromatic, and satisfyingly crunchy.
While I would like to be at home more for my children, I’m probablly like most “middle class” moms, I have to work and daycare expences take a good chunk out of my paycheck.
There will be a beachfront pool, and the development’s main building will hold the restaurant, a full-service Espa spa and a fitness center.
Mike Nolan said his father had never made more than $15,000 a year as a player or $125,000 as a coach.
And in September, Mr. Dann filed his suits against the Powell Academy and two other Dayton-area schools, Moraine Community School and New Choices Community School.
The man who is about to die would like you to know that even though he is being portrayed by an actor, his feelings are real.
Did he have time to take and develop the pictures, and move the cannon balls in an hour and a half?
Igor Moiseyev, the master choreographer who created a new form of theatrical folk dance in Russia and whose troupe was one of the most popular dance companies of the 20th century, died yesterday in Moscow.
Businesses in a variety of sectors that attract the most affluent customers and take advantage of foreigners from countries with strong currencies who are drawn to the glitter of Las Vegas and Manhattan are doing very well, while those dependent largely on middle-class buyers are having a harder time.
In October, another 18-year-old freshman, who attended Rider’s Westminster Choir College in Princeton, died of a heroin overdose; four other Rider students face criminal charges in connection with the death.
Henry Helgeson, the president of Merchant Warehouse in Boston, which sells credit card systems, said restaurant owners are typically cautious.
If convicted of charges of trafficking in counterfeit goods, each defendant faces a maximum sentence of 35 years in prison and a maximum fine of either $2.5 million or twice the gross gain from his or her participation in the scheme, whichever is greater.
The ROI will be much greater.
The ground was alive with movement: violet crabs skittered in and out of holes in the earth, and armies of biting red ants carried tiny green morsels of the forest to their lairs.
Stanley Fish Stanley Fish is the Davidson-Kahn Distinguished University Professor and a professor of law at Florida International University, in Miami, and dean emeritus of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Looking at the picture of the actual rubber mask, we have to say it looks vaguely familiar — and nothing like any of the choices above.
Only military officials, a handful of journalists and Vietnamese diplomats can visit Thang Long.
I “blew up” the photo – no pun intended – in order to see if there are any balls at all on the road as it dips out of sight near the center of the photograph … but it’s hard to tell.
We can see pits in the road, and we know that if something round rolled into a pit, it would stay there.
Let’s not even try to pretend that’s a logical argument – however, it goes towards your impression that people are quick to mistrust a photograph, but there is no logical basis for the belief.
The mark he is happiest to have made on the N.F.L., Dungy said, is a subtle shift in the conduct expected of successful coaches.
If you say (or imply) that people who let their children watch tv are exposing them to “toxic” substances, you are implying that those parents making different choices from you are inferior choices.
It has been one of the most eye openning experiences of my life.
Looking ahead, the company said that assuming current sales and margin trends continue for the rest of the fourth quarter, it will report a “modest” pretax loss for the quarter.
Mr. Bellecourt is survived by his wife, Carol Ann Bellecourt, from whom he was separated; his companion, Janice Denny; six children; and seven grandchildren.
They came here and they needed somebody to help them,” he said.
I paid $580 a month for health insurance coverage.
We parked off to the side and then descended into the valley, down to a road at the bottom – the same road that can be seen in the Fenton photographs.
The policy, which is to go into effect next year, was an effort to keep college admissions anxiety from creeping down to ever-younger students.
At its heart is a friendship between Amir, a wealthy Pashtun boy played by Zekiria Ebrahimi, and Hassan, the Hazara son of Amir’s father’s servant.
The racist and homophobic hate that spewed out of Mr. McGirt (sp?) in his skits was long a staple of the show.
It greets you with a grand internal balcony at the top of a broad, curving limestone staircase: an ideal vantage point for the sumptuous three-story lobby, decorated in golden tones that shimmer like precious metals.
On Nov.
Nor would a freeze help people whose mortgage is higher than the value of their homes.
5 in Chicago.
“Monica thinks it’s her, and it’s so hard because she doesn’t understand,” Mrs. Williams said.
By spring or summer the symptoms abate, only to return the next autumn.
Lessing, the newly minted Nobel laureate, aggressively tried to prevent the biographer Carole Klein from speaking with her circle of friends.
While there is no recession, economic growth has slowed appreciably.
From 1962 to 1967, he worked at CBS as a writer, producer and director.
At its worst, it can spiral into the sort of suicidal ideation that requires hospitalization, or into suicide.
In September, the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, which must approve the plan, sent a letter to Mr. Metzler, the cemetery superintendent, recommending repair.
CHRIS RUSS: That the balls were not present in the first photo, were added in the second.
He migrated from machine to machine.
They stay quiet out of fear of the consequences.
This is a very amusing column.
Two additional logical questions(observations): 1) Canon balls tend to roll on hard surfaces (roads), which might account for why there are so many balls in the ditch for both pictures.
If the airlines do not give users what they want they will fly elsewhere.
And that is not all that is being transformed: All over Angola, hundreds of workers are rebuilding roads, airports, bridges and railways that were shattered during nearly three decades of civil war.
Umenyiora said the soreness stemmed from the meniscus injury he sustained in the opener, but he expected to play Sunday.
The G.P.S. receiver needs only two small sets of numbers from each of four or more satellites: the time on a super-precise clock in each satellite and the position of that satellite.
But one show representative who, like others, did not want to be identified because of the delicate nature of the negotiations with the writers, said CBS and NBC were both saving more than $1 million a week in costs for those shows, and still were taking in significant revenue from advertisers for repeats.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 967-7555.
Up to three shots were fired, the police said.
It has transformed my pain-filled life to one of pleasure and for the first time, a sense of control over my body.
Suites top out at $379 in the peak winter season.
With such a skimpy back story the film runs the risk of abstraction, but Mr. Lamorisse’s reticence has the odd, bracing effect of making everything he chooses not to show us seem deeply irrelevant.
No one is censoring Mr. Imus, he can say whatever he wants, from the gutter of any street corner he chooses.
Critics say that the ruling conflicts with international law, including a ruling by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights two months earlier.
The Chinese currency has appreciated 12 percent against the dollar since mid-2005, but it has declined against the euro, making it harder than ever for Europeans to sell to China.
Cabrera raised his arms as he skipped around the bases, and the crowd roared for Damon, who took a curtain call.
The Gomboc is a roundish piece of clear synthetic material with gently peaked, organic curves.
I agree with the comment above that Olds could have been saved by Holden imports from Australia, but Holden’s are a little last-century, technology-wise.
In today’s hi-tech fast environment, new responsive policies must come and go very fast.
The sales volume of single-family houses in Brooklyn rose by 63 percent from the year before, and buyers paid an average of $1.6 million, according to the Corcoran data.
The chief assistant district attorney in Manhattan, James M. Kindler, said Steven Molinaro was not singled out.
A song from Itunes which can redeemed if you own an IPod.
At the time, Paulson insisted that the country would be able to work through the problems without any lingering adverse effects.
After last week’s loss, Jerry Reese, the Giants’ first-year general manager, ever so gently called Manning out.
It’s sad that a simple, elegant, FUN solution to so many transportation and environmental problems is already available, yet consistently (Mr. Garrett’s post included) disregarded.
In the end, Ms. Lloyd-Jones said she finally decided that Mr. Obama was the more progressive candidate, and her progressive instincts trumped her feminist instincts.
The chief of the General Intelligence Service of the Palestinian Authority, Gen. Tawfiq Tirawi, said in a statement that the Israeli reports should not be considered a “pretext” for suspending the Israeli-Palestinian talks.
In April, the agency reopened a rail spur on Staten Island that had been shut for 15 years, so containers unloaded at the port at the Howland Hook Marine Terminal could be transported to New Jersey by train instead of being loaded onto trucks.
That is a far worse problem.
This pain will yield understanding, or acceptance or reaction.
He was 79 and also had a home in East Berlin, Conn.
But also teach the public that children (and adults too) are not their disorders.
I received a news release recently stating that families needed to be more aggressive in tapping one obvious source of college funding: grandparents!
Her physical behaviour was much like the video I saw of Carol Gotbaum in Phoenix.
There is basic, there is enhanced, there is movie pack and NFL Sunday ticket.
Words are chosen carefully.
A delicious plate of charcuterie arrived in eight minutes (not cheap: $26, plus a $5 delivery fee and a 20 percent tip).
Some pregnant women are ditching childbirth class.
Estimates for cat-injured animals, mostly birds, accounted for nearly one-quarter of all admittances.
WITH: Josh Hamilton (Todd Anderson), Ayesha Dharker (Asha), Larry Pine (Bob), Asif Basra (Purohit N. Virajnarianan) and Matt Smith (Dave).
In a dazzling essay, worth the price of admission all by itself, the political scientist Daniel J. Mahoney argues that Bush’s and the neocons’ “misplaced one-sided emphasis on democracy” — their “democratic monomania” — “marks a break with an older conservative tradition which always insisted that Western liberty draws on intellectual and spiritual resources broader and deeper than that of modern democracy. ...
He came back from Brazil with a scrupulously detailed European version of where he’d been, the colonial story.
But you can’t have it both ways and you shouldn’t have a double standard.
That was a mistake.
I find it offensive that as a woman that she would further an attitude of traditional women’s concerns as being “foolish” as the word ninny implies.
If the past is a guide, such legislation would be declared unconstitutional. however, another question arises.
29 (AP) — The Tennessee Valley Authority is expected to file an application, perhaps as early as Tuesday, with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to build two nuclear power reactors in Alabama.
General Soe Win, who had been treated in Singapore for his illness, returned to Myanmar on Sept.
When he looked up, players were storming out of the dugouts to join a fight at third base.
In 1974, after he had left the administration, Mr. Dent pleaded guilty to aiding an illegal fund-raising operation organized by the White House.
Mr. Baron Cohen’s television series, “Da Ali G Show” was funnier and sharper, as its dimwitted title character interviewed politicians and others who had set themselves up as public targets.
Three years ago, William Bowen (the former president of Princeton) and two other researchers discovered what was really going on.
Joe Allbaugh, who served as director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under President Bush, has endorsed Rudolph W. Giuliani.
21.
In the smallness of this house, conversations were always being carried on in front of me as if I didn't exist, with whispers exchanged between the sisters.
Nintendo sold 981,000 Wiis in the United States in November, its best month yet, while Microsoft sold 770,000 Xbox 360s, and Sony sold 466,000 PlayStation 3 consoles, the market research firm NPD Group said Thursday.
Shares of Goodman rose $2.52, or 11.5 percent Monday, to $24.36.
FARNSWORTH FINDING FORM Kyle Farnsworth worked a 1-2-3 seventh inning Sunday, striking out two.
When asked whether Quachaun’s injuries might have been caused by a falling television set, life-saving efforts like CPR, an accident or pre-existing disease, Dr. Ely said that the size, number, pattern and age of the bruises and other wounds made that unlikely.
As you have said incisively many times (on many different topics), we are incredibly anxious about our kids and the anxiety only seems to keep growing.
A. Some people know these things innately.
But as prices drop, first-time buyers are choosing remodeled homes over lower-priced fixer-uppers.
Professor Greenstone’s data shows that Iraqi bonds have fallen not just in comparison with safe United States Treasuries but also when compared with those of nearby Qatar, and with a broad range of risky emerging-market bonds.
The man who is about to die would like you to know that even though he is being portrayed by an actor, his feelings are real.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
The partial decision by the Federal Court has concerned some privacy advocates in Canada.
Barry Bonds, baseball’s career home run leader, was indicted yesterday on five felony charges — four for perjury and one for obstruction of justice — for testifying before a federal grand jury in 2003 that he never used anabolic steroids or human growth hormone.
Tenants complained of leaks and rats “bigger than cats,” as one longtime resident described them.
It’s no coincidence that Iraqi areas with the filthiest water and most raw sewage are breeding grounds for both V. cholerae and insurgents.
Barricaded behind a desk, in an office that is all bark-colored leather and wood, he maintains an intimidating, rocklike calm.
To take the work to the next step, researchers needed a good way to isolate the cancer-forming cells.
In addition to her son, Peter, of Skillman, N.J., she is survived by two grandchildren.
Look what they did, and I’m better than that.
If I hate it, I’m just flaunting my independence.
Less recognized was the Bush administration’s larding the top ranks of the department with “loyal Bushies” like Ms. Paulose, who undermined the values of impartiality that the Justice Department is supposed to uphold.
NAMU made her name internationally when her English-language memoir, “Leaving Mother Lake” (Little, Brown, 2003), became a best seller.
The family plans to draft a parent-teenager agreement.
Men’s rates increased until 2003, when they hit 33 percent and stayed there through the 2005-6 survey.
In large enough doses, the acid, a neurotoxin, can cause disorientation, seizures, brain lesions and, eventually, death in the animals (and in humans, for that matter).
Some of the research-quality artifacts will remain at Yale, while others will be returned, though legal title to all the items will be held by Peru.
But on one occasion, Mr. Deaver’s advice and advance work failed Reagan.
Those who work criticize those who stay home.
A few years earlier he had written, produced and directed a movie after failing to get a major studio interested in the project.
Let’s all try to show the people around us the same respect that Okun showed these people: let’s let them learn to understand their own lives.
Cramer, who is now working on a book about the baseball star Alex Rodriguez, never returned to writing about politics, and he was probably better off.
Now what do you do with a movie that stars Cate Blanchett, Richard Gere, Christian Bale and Heath Ledger; whose subject is Bob Dylan; and whose director is the Oscar-nominated Todd Haynes?
I hated the amitriptylin.
A twelve-year-old with a sparkling and vivid imagination finds it difficult to concentrate on boring math homework, is immediately presumed to be attention-deficit and is drugged to clear away all those extraneous flights of fancy and wonder.
I spent years involved in every medical decision but pulled back when they asked me to.
Admission is $12; students & those 60 and older, $10; Japan Society members and children under 16, free.
Rangel is trying to fix before next year and Bush has nothing to do with it.
Many of the houses in Malibu which burned had swimming pools.
Also based in Hawthorne, it is trying to create an array of rockets, ranging from a low-price Falcon 1, for light satellite payloads, to a Falcon 9, which the company hopes will be able to deliver cargo to the International Space Station in 2009.
On a recent morning, however, I collected my oysters in a slightly different fashion.
N.T.T. hopes that these services, which rely on fast, dependable connections, will attract customers to its network and help solve some of the country’s larger social challenges, like the aging population, even if the payoff is not so soon in coming.
We ask that people respect our privacy,” said the couple, who declined to comment further.
And this is the picture that Bob Chappell took in the Valley of the Shadow of Death.
Almost everything is automated, from the lighting to the two-story waterfall in the lobby.
The Red Raiders went 7-5 last season.
Once, by being booked on a different route, I even arrived earlier than scheduled.
“The talks are going bad,” said one person who had been briefed on the talks.
Another victim, Suzanne Elizabeth Casey, 62, died in a fall in a restaurant, the county said, but had previously been evacuated from her home.
Post-Watergate, however, this only intensified the sense of betrayal and moral outrage that his crimes inspired.
We need a realiity check, we need to wake up, stop preening and get down to work.
Brad Penny of the Los Angeles Dodgers was third.
She is being followed.
Cheeks said he had been given no assurance he would be around the rest of the season.
We should let him see it.
For all these nighttime fireworks, memory researchers have yet to work out a complete picture of how all the pieces fit together.
Once you know how to control your migraines you will feel empowered and will no longer panic when you forget to pack your Relpax or when the prescription runs out.
11 terrorist attacks to allow wiretaps without court warrants.
The mud pits came next.
By 2010.
They can’t discuss our government somehow deciding to back two horses in the same race, Bush putting his money on The General, and Rice slapping hers down on The Lady.
Then again, all the armchair doctors would have a heck of a time trying to sort fact from fiction while they googled.
I downloaded the two images and super imposed one on top of the other and switched back and forth, (can be done easily in Photoshop).
Backed up by their no-nonsense boss (Richard Jenkins), the Forensic Four nonetheless head to Riyadh.
Life would be duller for their absence.
Dick, Thanks for standing up for John, articulate or not.
There was terror in that silent suffocated garden.
In Manhattan “Aida” will be seen at Symphony Space on Dec.
For some reason, the incidence of migraine attacks fell away.
By the next summer, the two older children had enviably crowded calendars: weekend sports, parties, gatherings with friends.
She is a famous singer, yet she treasures her secret identity because it allows her to be a regular girl.
You know, that stuff doesn’t bother me.
It wasn’t enough to prompt my mother-in-law to recommend me for a part in a Broadway musical.
Yet these food-for-sale programs are not a cash cow for carriers, said Mary Tabacchi, an associate professor who teaches airline management at Cornell.
I MUST HUMBLY CONSIDER TO OFFER YOU MY MOST DEEPEST EXPRESSIONS OF SINCERENESS.
He sees the kid mayor as more a sign of defeat than of renewal.
“We won’t see much change in our lifetime,” he said.
Unable to transfer their credentials here, they work as housekeepers, shoeshine guys, go-go dancers, and limousine drivers, hoping to legalize themselves but knowing that in the meantime they will make far more money here than they could have as white-collar workers in Brazil.
People who equate it with speed and hard drugs… baffle me with their lack of information.
He’s also one of the characters in an on-screen reading of historical material in “Nanking,” a documentary about the so-called rape of Nanking in 1937.
The send off of Boxx doomed the team.
Stanford, just outside Palo Alto, is perhaps the strongest cluster-generator in the Valley.
Carl Hulse contributed reporting from Washington and Sabrina Tavernise from Baghdad.
The mutual fertilization could be uncanny.
Oracle has shown a willingness in the past to raise offers, and analysts expected it to do so again.
As the NYT changed his policies about online readers, today is my first visit to the newspaper page.
Mr. Reid’s job will be more difficult because four Democrats seeking the presidential nomination will be largely absent as they campaign for the first votes, in Iowa and New Hampshire early next month.
Some of names that often circulate through 1 Police Plaza are of former leaders in the New York Police Department: Joseph P. Dunne, the former first deputy police commissioner and No. 2 official; or John F. Timoney, the chief of police in Miami and former first deputy commissioner in New York.
In comparing the two photographs further, it also seems that some of the balls in the ditch are in slightly different positions in each image, as if they might have been jostled or disturbed during the interval between the photographs.
In a YouTube world, one’s home is no longer one’s private retreat: it’s just a container for the webcam.
It is no longer a case of choosing between the lesser of two evils.
I did not want my children to be raised in the Jewish religion or have anything to do with being Jews."
Wow!
Charlotte Sapp, a church member who runs a local H.I.V. prevention and support group, said she was hoping for more guidance from Pastor Foster on the issue.
“When we left we were paying $846, which is still very good,” said Mr. Murphy, who shared the apartment and split the rent with a friend.
Even very conservative economists who have worked for the Bush administration — including Greg Mankiw, a former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Bush who is now an adviser to Mr. Romney — have publicly stated that today’s tax revenues would be even higher were it not for the Bush tax cuts.
Mr. Foote was clearly in close contact with his comic muse when he wrote “Estate,” which is having its New York premiere.
That growth is never one of the voting issues on the mind of Mr. Voter.
In fact, the Golden Rule (not the Kantian one) would lead to the end of most suffering, if we applied it.
How old is he and how many children does he have?
Despite threatened homes, voters turned down the referendum, 74 to 26 percent.
As lucky as he is to have a daughter and son-in-law who enjoy living with him, not to mention traveling and working with him — both are cast in “Dividing the Estate” and “The Trip to Bountiful” — it must be a mixed blessing to be dependent.
So you are in no position of making claims abt the majority.
"She my child, Easy," he said with deadly certainty.
It is very interesting for me, a Chinese reader, to read a story about Israelite life.
What kind of name is Vuguru?
He’s also bald, has a bar code tattooed on the back of his head and is known only as 47.
His tiny body fit into the curve of his mother’s hand.
Venture capitalist partners also typically earn a management fee of 2 percent of the amount of money they invest, but the potential for huge returns comes from the 20 percent they take of the profit when the start-ups they have supported go public or are acquired.
Lucas’s rival, Nicky Barnes (Cuba Gooding Jr. in a sharp, small turn), wore the pimp threads and fedoras the size of manhole covers (he also read Machiavelli).
Which group would you like treking along life’s sometimes tenuous road with you, or with your spouse off to sit with a sick relative, your children on the way to or from a visit to grandma’s house, or your best-friend-forever on the way to “de-stress” on a hard-earned vacation?
One day … we can all go to the library together??
Thank you for articulating the components of that airport disease which has spread around the world.
It may be on life support or in remission, but resuscitation is always possible, often using techniques that are among the oldest in the books.
A martial arts enthusiast and former Marine who has regaled friends with tales of punching a great white shark while scuba diving, Mr. Krongard said he later became friendly with the company’s founder, Erik D. Prince.
In both ON and OFF the sky may look overcast, but you can see shadows.
Which is the stuff that we live for.
Mainly, they describe the minutiae of their day, but when their lives take more dramatic turns, they often take the network along in real time.
“Its life has been just one long trudge through soggy bread crumbs, cheese and ham slices and finally blanketed with thick, white sauces.”
One was Randy J. Johnston, now a potter and professor at the University of Wisconsin, River Falls.
Midouhas Architecture of Ship Bottom designed the house to nestle into sloping terrain, with a private open courtyard on the water side, connected to the main building by “floating” stairways.
Technology companies like Intel are presumably more comfortable working with the online media than their lower-technology counterparts.
Without increases in manpower, through whatever means, we cannot conduct another major theater war.
Dan Meissner, the board president, said in an interview this month that any rezoning would make people unhappy.
A week ago, Steven G. Schulman, of New York, who had been a partner at Milberg Weiss, pleaded guilty to conspiracy and agreed to help the prosecution.
Debate is useless.
Yours will not be now that you have shared them with the very people who are trying to understand what the men and women of the military are going through.
What’s this guy’s story?
Someone already referred to Ms. Ifill’s op-ed column in the Times.
The more expansive idea of affirmative action as a counterweight to those “unseen forces” has become tightly linked to the self-image of American universities.
At least two dozen have become “Hillraisers,” each bundling $100,000 or more for her presidential bid.
Credit-card companies like students “because they have parents who will probably pay off their debt if there is a problem,” even though parents generally have no legal obligation to do so, said Bill Hardekopf, the chief executive of LowCards.com, which tracks credit-card rates.
By setting her play in New York, in a show-business milieu ostensibly free of prejudice, she was able to expose the hidden biases that are hard to pinpoint and harder to fight.
This was just as well, since their office was a tiny corner of the male dancers’ dressing room, redolent of sweaty underclothes.
Johnson left the stadium on crutches.
In the last year, a Federal District Court judge in California, as well as the Tennessee commission, conducted full reviews of their states’ lethal injection protocols.
It was Friday night of the Labor Day long weekend, the eve of the first football game for the highly ranked Wisconsin Badgers.
Warrington Hudlin, president of the Black Filmmaker Foundation, estimated that there are more than 20 black film festivals in the United States, exposing audiences of all backgrounds to films they would otherwise miss.
Mrs. Kirchner grew up in La Plata, a city once known as “Eva Perón City,” the birthplace of the beloved wife and powerful first lady of Gen. Juan Domingo Perón.
Hospital officials declined to discuss his chances, and other authorities were at a loss to explain his survival.
“He’s in Florida,” I said, confused.
Thrift Store While continuing to keep in mind their original purpose of raising money for a worthwhile cause, New York's thrift stores are going strong.
Exner’s first Chrysler models appeared in 1955.
And at least one resident of 10 West 119th Street said there had been a strong odor of gas in the building since Friday morning.
From this perspective, the fact that 300 million Americans have already been exposed to folic acid in flour constitutes one of the world’s largest medical trials — one that suggests fortification is safe.
Frustrations and anger is not a proper substitution for procedures.
Basic transportation like the Proton Persona sedan costs about $14,000, about the same as a Mazda 3 in the United States, but takes a higher percentage of the average income.
The country is in a serious mood right now, and they’re tired of being lied to, condescended to and morally compromised by members of both parties.
What does New York City have in common with cities in Africa and Asia, like Mumbai, Seoul, Jakarta, Lagos, Cairo and Kinshasa?
It was there that it disappeared.
In the building diffidence translates as a modest footprint: a width of 25 feet; a concert hall that seats 80 people.
Despite the president’s impending veto, the program will not cease immediately because Congress passed a measure to keep it going until mid-November.
She hopes to be in an apartment by Christmas.
While serving in the army in WWII, my dad was conned into betting on a Red sox game, already in the 3rd inning with Feller pitching and the Sox behind 8-0.
Blogtalk: Banned in New York; Bike Lane of Death; a Park Slope writer; destroying — and animating — the city; more steroids in baseball chatter.
This is because – here comes something embarrassing now – I do not have cable TV.
She is expected to undergo withering cross examination if she is called to the stand.
In 2000, more than half the mayor’s cabinet had opposed Mr. Kerik’s appointment to be police commissioner.
It was just an election.
The two companies, which have differing corporate cultures and different visions for the stadium, agreed to be partners when Red Bull purchased the MetroStars from AEG before the 2006 season.
Others urged them just to apply more pressure.
However, Ritalin calms down people with ADHD.
Former Representative Jim Courter is also on the list — although he is considered family, since his daughter Katrina married Ms. Whitman’s brother, Taylor, last summer.
In 1971 in Philosophy 101, The Philosophy of Human Conduct, if you agreed with the professor that abortion was wrong, regardless of the quality of your arguments, you got an A. The converse was also true.
Mr. Kolb said Olympic athletes were worried about ozone, which can inflame the respiratory tract and make it more difficult to breathe.
Our founding fathers had the right idea in separating church and state.
Would this support the idea that ON was actually exposed first?
When he came home from school at lunchtime, he would arrange his Fisher-Price toy figures as if they were an orchestra, making a little box for the conductor, and put a record on the phonograph; he would ask her not to break up the orchestra while he was in music class so that he could resume directing the musicians on his return.
After the rash clears, about one patient in five develops post-herpetic neuralgia, or PHN, a debilitating pain that does not always respond to treatment and can be devastating to ordinary life for months or even years.
Mr. Radulovich, who lived in Lodi, Calif., was divorced from his first wife, the former Nancy Tuttle; his second wife, the former Sheila Day, died about five years ago.
Why overspending and buyer’s remorse are so common.
There was a slight generation gap.
This was wonderful, thanks for the sweet trip down Memory Lane.
An indication that she is neither decisive, nor a risk-taker, and certainly not a leader.
He appears to by including details like helping a dog and fiddling with a phone.
Industry leaders also said that venture capital was not a “buy it and flip it” business.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Sweet Louie Smith, who was half of the R&B duo the Checkmates, died on Saturday aboard a cruise ship in the Caribbean on which he and his partner, Sonny Charles, were performing.
When her daughter was sentenced on Sept.
2; the production, directed by Mark Lamos, also stars John Cullum in the title role and Phylicia Rashad as his wife.
NEW YORK (AP) -- U.S. stocks headed for a strong open Friday as investors awaited data on home sales and manufacturing to help determine how Wall Street will cap a fractious year.
I have lost much respect for the people at the NY TIMES.
Dr. Webb, a minister who relocated to St. Louis from New York about a year ago, bought her 1,350-square-foot two-bedroom unit for $240,000.
Information: (609) 392-0766, or at www.passagetheatre.org.
In her first start beyond six furlongs, she overcame a bad start to finish third in the mile-and-a-sixteenth race.
Standing in a crowd of mostly sullen paparazzi with rumpled clothes and tired expressions, he rocked back and forth in his black Emerica sneakers, waiting for his chance on this chilly night to take a money-making photograph of Justin Timberlake, Hayden Panettiere or any of the other tabloid-worthy subjects who had been partying inside.
Clinton missed a prime opportunity to make this case.
Fenton, Roger.
"I still don't eat shrimp."
With the help of $500 million more from partners like Beartooth Capital, the group has bought or obtained easements on more than a million acres of land.
A While most proprietary leases provide that the co-op corporation is responsible for plumbing within the walls of the apartment — unless the plumbing was installed or modified by the tenant-shareholder — some make the shareholder responsible for the shower assembly, including the mixing valve, said Alexander Suslensky, a Manhattan lawyer.
Still, Chris DeWolfe, the MySpace co-founder and chief executive, said he was not concerned about seeing that element of the enterprise remain discrete.
“Drum of the Waves of Horikawa” continues through Nov.
Of these 288, almost 150 of the responses referred to sun-shadow, and a little more than 150 to the number and position of cannonballs.
At his trial, Mr. Kryuchkov said the coup leaders decided to give up because they realized that they were losing.
Although most programs work to some extent, the gains tend to be specific to the trained task.
The major culprit for the aura is nitrites ie bacon, processed meats, etc.
Though acquitted, he was found liable for the deaths in a civil case in 1997 and was ordered to pay more than $30 million to the victims’ families.
Why should I even get to know my neighbors?
(Ah, in that regard, we all miss him!)
Mr. Bloomberg called the school system a “poster child” for urban school reform, and said the grades validated some of his major changes.
Painters have done it for centuries.
Gold for December delivery jumped $13.80 to $824.60 an ounce on the Nymex.
In answer, a barrage of lawsuits is challenging both the laws and their enforcers.
After releasing “Hail to the Thief” and touring the world, Radiohead took a year off.
“He didn’t try to take advantage or squeeze.
(Or — to cite a movie that, 25 years later, took possession of the spirit of “The Red Balloon”— as if it were E. T.)
“He was carrying much, much, too much,” she said in an interview.
Taken on its own narrow, heavily aestheticized and poetic-realist terms, then, “The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford” works.
The Libyan coast is “a unique and important and untouched ecosystem, almost the only one left in the Mediterranean — it’s like Sardegna 50 years ago before development,” said Alessandra Pome of the World Wildlife Foundation Fund for Nature, who is working in Tripoli.
About 80 percent of those with attention problems were taking or had taken stimulant drugs, and the researchers did not know the effect of the medications on brain development.
Manhattan Theater Club at City Center, Stage II, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212.
In Round 8, she beat Guillermo Domínguez, a strong master, in an offbeat variation of the Scotch.
31 as a way to promote Huntsville as Rocket City, unveiling a new pavilion, housing a 363-foot Saturn V rocket, at the U.S. Space and Rocket Center, a museum and popular tourist attraction.
More uncomfortable was the day Mr. Star showed up on the set of “Lipstick Jungle” at a brownstone in Brooklyn.
That doesn’t seem fair to Mr. Morris.
Mr. Inconiglios works on his art at night and on weekends.
That is the gap between myself and the believer.
For the first nine months of the year, Honeywell earned $1.76 billion, or $2.25 a share, up from $1.5 billion, or $1.81 a share, for the same 2006 period.
They said some of their answers were preceded by questions they were not asked or that answers were not matched with the questions that elicited them.
Revenue fell 12 percent to $15.93 billion, the bank said.
A Buddhist principle of “right speech” includes considering, before we speak, all three: “Is it true?
For Ted, the title of Leigh Montville’s fine biography of him says it all, “Ted Williams, Autobiography of an American Hero.”
They discuss the Xbox.
Not since JFK was president has identification with the Democratic party risen during a Democratic presidency.
I’ll try to get the other pictures for you.
When you talk to women about how they feel about Mrs. Clinton, you find that their reactions are staggeringly complex.
Anyone in Tompkins Sq? or at what was the Russian baths on 10th between 1st & A?
At a time when no single team is supposed to dominate, the No. 48 crew did just that in leading Johnson to 10 victories and a stout 4.7 average finish during the Chase for the championship.
Are you even a wee bit tempted to try a little sodium alginate or methyl cellulose in your kitchen?
As I wrote in the article, Mr. Leno had bought a Honda S600 a few months ago and hired Mr. Baker to help him source parts for the restoration, as well as offer some technical advice.
As young-earth creationists, they think the earth is about 8,000 years old, give or take a few thousand years.
The operation to repair a tear in his right shoulder was done in Miami.
We’re used to trumpeting this worldview’s familiar list of benefits, but I think in doing so we sometimes lose sight of how peculiar and unsettling it really is.
Clinton came into the debate far and ahead in the polls and it is just natural that the other candidates press her on the issues — as they did on Iran and Foreign Policy.
It is an audacious agenda that will require five space walks and extensive use of robotic arms operating at their limits.
We have three young daughters and we’ll walk to one of the parks, the inn to warm our hands by the fire, the general store for a sweet, or to the old town hall that is now a movie theater.
Some of the rocks that moved are next to much larger rocks in the first picture.
As such, it does us a disservice, commenting on politics as a sports event.
We’re lucky that we can dwell on the rocks,and the effects of gravity on them.
(AP) -- Chevron Corp., the nation's second-largest oil company, said Friday its third-quarter profit fell more than Wall Street expected, as tighter U.S. refining margins took a big bite out of earnings.
There are far fewer jobs being created by new or expanding companies than there were throughout the 1990s.
Across the country, faculty unions are organizing part-timers.
He was fresh from prison (another sentence for assault), living in the shelter and tired of himself.
But she has since registered her disagreement with Mr. Spitzer in myriad ways.
“Who,” he asks himself, “has the right to be another’s executioner?”
None of that setting up the hitter garbage from Papelbon.
The Communist Party has run China for 58 years.
There was talk, though, of the possibility of more snow in parts of the region after Christmas.
It’s amazing to me that there are still apologists for the Nixon-Agnew era (in addition to William Safire, the old master).
We hope, with him, that he has the influence he suggests, otherwise this arrangement may well turn out to be nothing more than a long road to Wal-Mart.
But he was best known for sponsoring what was considered one of the most prestigious races of the year, the Frank Viola Invitational, a 400-mile contest in which the birds are released in Ohio and fly back to New York.
Like having an avacado range in your kitchen.
According to an internal Amgen slide, the contract “spends” $300 million to “buy insurance” against a potential loss of $2.5 billion in business from Fresenius.
The coupe and sedan also have looks that by Honda’s standards are adventurous.
Men like Wolf’s father might go more swiftly.
(As opposed to the ones – like changes in barometric pressure, work deadlines and mothers-in-law — that you can’t do anything about.)
Richard Greenfield of Pali Research, who lobbied against the Dolans’ previous efforts to take the company private with missives titled “Do Not Let Chuck and Jim Dolan Steal CVC,” put out a note to investors yesterday suggesting a 12-month price target of $47 a share.
A recurrent theme is — surprise — marriage prospects from the female perspective.
The sky – or lack of sky – is compatible with both.
Sprawling online ruminations over albums, new or old, can offer something different from space-conscious, news-oriented, deadline-pressured music journalism.
The resulting phone is beautiful.
The older, shorter tower required them to strain to see some planes taxiing between terminals.
The 2008 WRX adheres to Subaru’s established formula, taking the bare-bones Impreza compact and adding chunky plastic armor, a stout suspension and a turbocharged engine that is 54 horsepower more muscular than the base Impreza’s 170-horse power plant.
Arcus, in fact, makes specific aquavits for bacalao, lutefisk, rakefisk and smalahove, a Norwegian specialty for the stout of heart, consisting of a whole roasted lamb’s head, eyeballs and all.
And Crystal, which recently began offering intimate $1,000-a-head dinners with hard-to-get wines and extravagant meals, says it sold out its first offering within hours of the onboard announcement.
And he ordered wooden beds that look much like some low sled beds displayed in Paris in 1929.
Democracy, as you point out, requires that we accept contingency as the fundamental law of history.
I’m a lawyer.
French Scorpene attack submarines are to be delivered soon.
Initially, all of Tailor’s dishes were appetizer-size and even a parade of them left you hungry for something more substantial.
The cost of an audit, around $350, is usually rolled into the repair bill.
Within blocks of the street where Ms. Glasco’s son was killed, six people were murdered in less than a year.
It was a crackpot idea, all right, but against all odds, they made it work because whatever it was, the x factor was viewable.
Vincent said Bertman and the L.S.U. chancellor, Sean O’Keefe, also planned to meet with Miles next week to discuss his contract.
He played all night, and skipped school two or three times a week to catch up on sleep.
And I am a sucker for George Balanchine’s “Nutcracker” at New York City Ballet.
The cause was complications from surgery, said his son, Richard Saffir.
Vicki Huddleston, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution, and Tibor Nagy, a vice provost at Texas Tech University, are former chiefs of mission at the American Embassy in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
V. S. Naipaul turned down many biographers before cooperating with and giving archival access to Patrick French, whose authorized account is due out next fall from Knopf, Naipaul’s own publisher.
Mr. Kaplan earned his M.B.A. at Harvard and was at Goldman Sachs for 22 years.
Yeah, ignorance is a virtue.
Well, if the writer is worth his or her salt, he or she continues on nevertheless, because it’s what God or genetics (possibly they are the same) has decreed, or out of sheer stubbornness, or maybe because it’s such a kick to spin tales.
The service will not work with the Apple iPhone, which is tied to the Apple iTunes service and allows users to load music only from their computers or when they are connected to a Wi-Fi network, not through a cellular signal.
‘WAR AND PEACE’ How do you film “War and Peace”?
All the girls are daring and competent-great role models.
Online retail sales are approaching 10 percent of total retail sales, according to Shop.org.
BUT times change.
(This is not a commercial, Citrical is what my endocrinologist said was the best absorbed.)
There are also a few corrugating Roton Avenue, as it winds its way beachward.
Here she performs “Pirate Jenny,” that heart-wrenching ballad of lyrical revenge, standing motionless before a window as Pabst cuts in on her in three progressive close-ups, leaving her isolated and astonished by her own repressed cruelty.
Mr. Whitney’s other translations include volumes of Russian folk tales and the novel “Forever Flowing,” by Vasily Grossman (Harper & Row, 1972).
The software that I.B.M. is packaging in its cloud offering is called Hadoop, running on the Linux operating system.
Speaking to reporters in his home state of Kentucky, Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader, on Thursday called Mr. Craig’s conduct “unforgivable.”
He had no “people” in tow to park the car.
Microsoft Word, Mr. Riley noted, added “Bilbao” to its spell checker.
“The cool stripes aren’t only fashionable, they keep small animals and deer and stuff away from your car — they don’t like the smell,” he said.
Sitting still in a treestand or blind, a hunter’s orange-clad torso doesn’t move, he explains, but when hunters do move, they tend to move their arms, legs or head, and what camouflage they have on will help mask that movement.
But obviously, A-Rod, the guy with the biggest contract in baseball history, wants even bigger dollars.
She said she had little interest in finding out about her biological parents, as she had been well loved by her adoptive mother.
The chip maker Texas Instruments said yesterday that it had expanded its share buyback program by $5 billion, or about 10 percent of its market capitalization, sending shares up.
Log in now.
“The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith” is at Passage Theater Company, Mill Hill Playhouse, 205 East Front Street, Trenton, through Nov.
This debate solidified my support for her.
Ward will limp with a sore ankle and a groin pull.
I was in Central Europe, the south of France and the Amalfi coast all before I was 6 years old.
What is it about overblown egos that is so fascinating?
By Eric Zimmerman.
Like the Devlins, she was an organizing force for the college-admissions process, with a file drawer devoted to the paperwork, and like the Devlins, she had devoted considerable energy to researching other schools her son might consider.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial expected earnings of 93 cents a share.
Strangely, though Cha-Ya's culinary skill was flawless, the rest of the restaurant's atmosphere seemed an afterthought.
Revenue fell 3 percent to $364.3 million, from $376.4 million in the previous year.
“I was very scared to bring him home; all I had was a fan and it was so hot,” she said.
For the fiscal 2008 third quarter, the company expects to earn $1.15 to $1.30 per share, compared with $1.35 per share a year ago.
Natural gas futures fell 31 cents to settle at $7.477 per 1,000 cubic feet on the Nymex.
Seems like it would be relatively easy to go to the original photos with a magnifier and count ‘em up, and also look at their physical location and orientation.
I am certainly doing better than my friends who stayed home with cooped-up frustrated accomplished mothers/dads.
NetFlix user from April 1999 - March 2007.
15 in New York, at R 20th Century (82 Franklin Street in TriBeCa) and Sean Kelly Gallery (528 West 29th Street in Chelsea).
Seeking to record “evidence of people,” Ms. Calame began tracing stains in public places: at a church in her hometown; at the New York Stock Exchange; at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz.; on random streets and sidewalks.
But he argues that any ethical problems pale in comparison to the toll that traumatic injuries take on civilians and soldiers every day.
In Kentucky, Mr. Fletcher, the state’s first Republican governor in more than 30 years, failed in his efforts to raise concerns among voters about Mr. Beshear’s hopes to amend the state’s Constitution to allow casino gambling.
I think back on this whenever Jacob and Gabe, who are now 16 and 13, pop a bag of Orville Redenbacher’s popcorn with fake butter into the microwave.
Many of Mr. Lewton’s films, the most famous of which is “Cat People” (1942), include techniques that became the basic building blocks of scary movies that followed.
If they don’t have insurance, they won’t be penalized — they’ll be automatically enrolled in an insurance plan.
Yes, the press plays “gotcha” and yes it works, however if she took a chance and answered off-the-cuff she may not have made what came off as a blunder.
On the one hand, it’s almost comical that a $100 billion space station was almost doomed by a little humidity — and then saved by a jumper cable.
Human rights groups have disputed that.
His campaign recruited more than 100 volunteers to work the Republicans gathered here this weekend.
The auditorium may lack the intimacy of a Broadway theater of similar size, but it certainly possesses the noble proportions befitting a company dedicated to producing the classics.
2 — Gen. Pervez Musharraf named a close ally today to succeed him as army chief as he prepares to run for another term as president in elections on Saturday.
If you feel so inclined to alter your Iphone then that is the risk you take.
Which photo has fewer balls along the left-hand ditch?
So what’s a grinder to do?
They were part of a larger project conceived by the New York artist Paul Chan, 34, who is well known to the international art world for his video animations of paradises embattled and lost, and to law enforcement officials for his activist politics.
Lets give it a little more time before we pass judgment.
The lead oscillated over the next couple of boards, but then Fantoni and Nunes had back-to-back disasters.
“Men love this.”
Chutki’s story is lighter.
As to Mr. Cavett a courageous user of TV-today we lack such courage save Keith Olberman on MSNBC maybe!
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
Freud’s objective as a therapist was to help his patients dismantle their idealized image of him.
Acutely aware of gender stereotypes, Mrs. Clinton has taken pains to highlight her strength and credibility as a potential commander in chief — and, some polls suggest, strikes some voters as excessively calculating.
And if so, what can be done about it?
One mother who objects is Sandy Johns, whose two children attend Ravine Drive Elementary.
The two sides are scheduled to resume formal negotiations today for the first time in a week.
It also gives small research grants to professors who affiliate with the institute; most recently, it awarded money for a study of botanical gardens.
Although the Troopergate scandal is stale, the Governor’s credibility has been badly damaged.
It rose slightly to 12.9 percent last year.
What interested me, if you will permit a tangent, was a seemingly throwaway comment about war photography: in its infancy it never showed dead bodies, then showed only bodies of the enemy.
The Alfonds have owned a minority interest in the Red Sox since 1978.
Larry Herrighty, assistant director of the department’s Division of Fish and Wildlife, said that so far, the virus has not spread to livestock in the state.
I travelled in the US in November 2001.
Al Pacino, still wreathed in the saintly idealism of “Serpico,” plays Steve Burns, a rookie cop who, in exchange for a fast-lane promotion, agrees to go undercover in the S&M bars of the meatpacking district in search of a psycho preying on gay men.
But today, some publishers are going directly into the movie business themselves.
You might not have noticed, but let the historical record show they were there, however briefly.
But in Mr. Prince’s view, little of life’s cacophony is real except the parts deep inside all of us that are hardest to reach.
In the thinly veiled, thickly fictionalized movie version, the character based on him is played by the rising comic star Simon Pegg and gets to dabble with the characters played by Megan Fox and Kirsten Dunst.
They have gone 55-54 since then.
The researchers reviewed 14 randomized controlled trials involving almost 5,000 women and found little evidence for any benefits.
Your scientists and laboratories are breaking down what it means to be human, and slowly making it harder to believe that life is the spark of the divine.
That’s more than the zilch his Chowhound posts have earned him, but Mr. Chadwick, a project coordinator at a retirement investment fund, spends about six hours a week writing about food because he has adopted the mission of using Chowhound’s bulletin boards to lift his desert city’s culinary reputation.
DETROIT, Nov.
“Little did I know it was going to be way, way downhill from there,” Ms. Mattera said.
The story has legs because of op-ed writers and commentators need to opine.
“I used to ask my mother, ‘Why Glom?’ and she’d say, ‘Because you’re always grabbing, always taking things,’” he said, imitating his mother’s accent and limited patience, shaped by a lifetime in Irish neighborhoods in New York City.
This wasn’t an isolated incident.
The government freed the chief of World Food Program operations in the chaotic capital, Mogadishu, after holding him for nearly a week in detention, officials said, granting him bail but maintaining allegations that he committed unspecified crimes.
Also, we must have separate Express Trains that run express from one end of the line to the other (so that they do not change from express to local every 8 stops or so).
(With 11,999 competitors, you do what you can to stand out.)
I still go to church, read the bible, love and try to follow the teachings of Jesus, and value my spiritual life.
Mr. Foose’s “Overhaulin’,” which was a backdrop to the SEMA show, was just the show within the show.
Detail of “ON.”
As for Mr. Bloomberg, he has long had to contend with rumblings that sexism is a defining trait of the financial information and media company that made him a billionaire.
Ross, the Giants’ rookie cornerback who had earned his first start the week before, was defenseless to stop the Jets in the first half.
To encourage collaborations, Bats are allowed to rehearse their own projects at the theater when space is available.
Gore began to speak again, when suddenly Norman heaved up out of his chair and lurched toward him, a bit shakily.
“I tell my kids they’re going to be able to come back here in 50 years and the trees may be bigger, but it’s going to basically look the same,” said Ray Disch, the owner of Disch Real Estate in Hopewell Borough.
Under Spanish law the maximum prison sentence is in practice 40 years.
His job is to be able to differentiate between those who should be there and those who should not.
Microsoft is one of a handful of companies that have been negotiating with the music industry over a subscription-based program known as Total Music, but people briefed on the plans said it had been complicated by a thicket of legal and contractual issues.
When Vidal denied being the Famous Writers School, he got a laugh, displeasing Mailer thereby.
Kayak, he said, handles three times as many searches as SideStep but only has twice as much revenue, implying that SideStep is better at making money from its traffic.
But understanding why body size matters in certain sports can open your eyes to other possibilities, exercise researchers say.
Your contention that the speech should lower the reputation of the university isn’t probobally mute given the media hype surrounding the speech was already enormous.
Mr. Mandoki got financial backing for the movie from Federico Arreola, a journalist, entrepreneur and close campaign adviser to Mr. López Obrador.
The Red Sox are in the World Series, and the Yankees are in transition.
This film is not rated.
That change, the airline told The Washington Post, will be worth an additional $34 million a year.
Americans seem to take this level of violence as normal.
If God doesn’t exist and we simply live in a materialistic, naturalistic world, then evil doesn’t exist either.
Does anyone remember having the hood opened in a gas station?
The criminal cases against Mr. Lerach; his former partner, Melvyn I. Weiss; several other former partners; and the firm itself are based on how prosecutors say these parties gained an illegal advantage over other firms filing similar suits.
Maloney speculates that perhaps one out of seven perform in this way.
Bigger and roomier, with more power and finesse, this eighth-generation Accord is surely the best one yet, a serious challenger to every car in the segments where it competes.
Even politically apathetic Russians have grasped that a lame duck president who has promoted himself in election advertisements has no interest in fading away.
Out of 5000 questions CNN didn’t allow one question about education, healthcare, the housing closedown. the economy or even Iran, Pakistan when ever poll says these are the questions Americans want answers to, democratic or republican.
I did cry as I watched the Hollywood Greats DVD that Dick Cavett has released–instantly taking me back to the late 60s and 70s when my sister (now gone) and I watched these amazing shows on a daily basis.
In the 1980s Mr. Kempowski ran a series of advertisements in German newspapers inviting people to send him documents, letters, diaries, reports or other recollections of their World War II experiences.
The Lilly Foundation is donating $44 million to the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music for the construction of a state-of-the-art studio building.
The film traces the true story of Operation Holiness, the 1997 BOPE effort to exterminate a drug gang working in a favela near the home of Rio’s archbishop.
Still, some parents lashed out at the enterprise, saying it overemphasized standardized tests.
The center’s president, Michael Ratner, initially suggested giving the papers to the press.
A. The global positioning system receiver is pulling in a much simpler set of data, said Alan J. Friedman, consulting senior scientist for the New York Hall of Science.
Yet some of the direst noises about our nation’s scientific prospects may be premature.
I think Sontag was right about the order, but we cannot forget that photography has been since its beginnings extremely subjective.
From Oxford, Ms. Bhutto was thrust abruptly into the heart of Pakistani politics by General Zia’s arrest and execution of her father in 1977.
Go home to Ethiopia and invest.
She died at the scene, the police said.
He could not, however, prevent Oakland (2-8) from losing its sixth in a row.
And Don liberal?
In my mind, supporting a moment of silence for every student is not blanket support of prayer in school but offering each person the opportunity to invest that moment silently in the way they choose.
WiMax promises speeds that would be three to five times as fast as AT&T and Verizon and some cable and DSL services.
Ms. Latshaw, whose dementia was diagnosed in 1991, has not spoken in four years, and she can no longer smile.
Basics like an airport remain to be built.
Some $25 million of the money will pay for international expansion.
I have to vote for ON coming first.
But eventually with later missions (until Apollo 17) there were astronauts traveling distances measured in kilometers (on rovers) where all the dust from the wheels headed straight down.
During “Last of the Mohicans,” he built a canoe, learned to track and skin animals and perfected the use of a 12-pound flintlock gun, which he took everywhere he went, even to a Christmas dinner.
The Caucus caught up with him here, where he spoke to about 1,000 in an exhibition hall in the Carolina First Center.
With top-ranked Ohio State’s loss to Illinois earlier Saturday, the Jayhawks (10-0, 6-0 Big 12) are national title contenders.
Laveranues Coles could miss his first regular-season start in 105 games, against the team he left in 2005.
Kramer Levin has agreed to reduce by 20 percent its normal hourly charges, and the rates it will charge will vary, she said, depending on the level of lawyer working on the case, from a high of $660 per hour to $265 per hour.
They acknowledge that at least one of them was sold at a loss.
Jennifer Day, the director of the city’s office of film and video, addressed the City Council here last week and responded to concerns about what message the series might send.
Ariel Alexovich and Patrick Healy contributed to this post.
Why are stage adaptations of great novels almost always so disappointing?
Dr. Rutz and his colleagues captured more than seven hours of video that sheds new light on the behavior of New Caledonian crows, one of only a few species, including humans, that use tools.
The force, which since 2001 has increasingly been under the day-to-day command of Pakistani Army units, is now being expanded and trained by American advisers, diplomats said.
But he gave no precise indication when the court would meet or when he expected to start his new presidential term.
But these days it is harder than ever.
My son was born in September 1970 and I was lucky to be able to see him and hold him for 5 days.
Excepting the hard-core partisans, I would think simple reminders to “tone it down” and “be sure to solicit opinions from every student” would fix most of these issues at the instructor level.
Demand is too great and defining what constitutes a knockoff too complicated.
I realized I had to write my own manuscript.”
Nor did his article mention that a small study of Kenyan men conducted under the auspices of STD expert professor King K. Holmes, M.D., Ph.D., of the University of Washington in Seattle had found that “bathing” for at least 10 minutes within an hour of having sex was associated with preventing HIV infections.
Kon Jern, a military commander for the group, which is based along Myanmar’s border with northern Thailand, says he is cracking down because government militias and corrupt officials profit from opium.
I think Julie did say just the right thing at the awkward moment.
She was seeing someone at the time, as was he.
Sexuality and romance, though, are secondary themes here; the burden of work, especially creative work, takes priority.
“She threw a fit,” a former administration official close to Mr. Cheney recalled.
Returning after a successful run in the Under the Radar festival, Tarell Alvin McCraney’s poetic modern-day drama about two brothers in Louisiana is loosely based on an African myth (1:30).
Can you name just one?
Keith Davis hit the right note as the amiable and loathsome Jib, and Marjorie Johnson managed partly to transcend the stereotypes of Candy Lady, a nonagenarian born into slavery who is the repository of both the strengths and weaknesses of women’s tradition.
The Honeys and Bears is Manhattan’s only synchronized swimming group for adults ages 50 and older.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
“He is an example of a Muslim who follows the Religion of Islaam,” Mr. Khan wrote.
This comment excerpt made me stop and think a bit.
Running time: 1 hour, 15 minutes.
CHICAGO, Nov.
His Monday recital was part of his Naumburg prize.
Mr. Chen, the sacked party boss, was a protégé of Mr. Jiang, himself a former Shanghai party leader.
So, in the end, Romney is right.
Parents aren’t the only ones making a sacrifice when families choose a college that’s desirable but perhaps not affordable.
When it sinks into a trough, it contracts and then generates a pulse of electricity.
Eighteen other countries also carried out executions, the group said.
If the conceit holds true — industry insiders say the word “Oscar” comes up in serious movie pitches as much as “and” and “the” — people who care about serious “fil-lims” should skip the marathon of Iranian documentaries on Feb.
Still, to find the middle, all sides must be heard, and I think that, in the spirit of your program, remains the most pertinent lesson for us to this day.
Bale’s scenes are shot in 16-millimeter black and white, using old Kodak film stock, in a move for authenticity — Haynes even wanted the film in the film to look as if it were from the ’60s.
25 — There are no naming rights on the table and there will not be any logo-bearing neon signs, tower-to-tower banners or screaming billboards put up, either.
Oakwood, on the other hand, was drowsy after sitting in the sun with the mystery writer.
The level of certainty supported by the rock postion evidence attains a level that would allow for critical bridge building decisions to be made.
FOR most anyone who has thrilled to the notion of driving fast in powerful cars, a wishful thought has visited at least briefly: I may not be a Mario Andretti, but I could’ve been.
The doorman’s red Beefeater uniform is of a primary-colored, fuzzy felt usually seen on giant animals outside F. A. O. Schwarz.
It was the kind of collapse that has dogged that team since its first home game in 1996, when a former Juventus defender, Nicola Caricola, kicked an own goal in the 89th minute for a loss.
Americans looked to doctors and so-called miracle drugs not only to battle infections, but increasingly to pick them up for the day and calm them down at night.
Brown, a forward from Flint, Mich., led Georgia with 14.2 points per game last season.
Still, Mr. Schlesinger becomes (at least by his account) the confidant to whom Mr. Kissinger could confess all manner of scathing thoughts about presidents.
Suppose shelling resulted in a MIXED result (i.e. balls ended up both on and off the road) after which the road and some of the ditch was cleared.
Both victims were home within hours, Mr. Herring said.
The program also depicts the efforts of children of downed pilots to learn their fathers’ fates: whether they perished or survived to be imprisoned in gulags (a possibility some apparently cling to).
It was very strange looking.
The video archive is part of a larger MTV strategy to create branded Web sites for popular shows.
Mr. O’Reilly’s example is the Web 2.0 address book, where the old address book is made into a live diary, constantly updated so that we can see, on our cellphones, where our contacts are and what they are doing.
3, Penney’s earnings fell to $261 million, or $1.17 a share, from $287 million, or $1.26 a share, a year earlier.
Sharp-eyed readers of The Times Magazine will note a small but important change in the standing feature “Questions For,” in which authors, political figures, entertainers and other interesting people answer provocative questions posed by Deborah Solomon.
So he was trying to, somehow or other, with the very difficult mechanics of working at the time, to encapsulate some of that, and gets it, finally, in that one photograph.
My dad asked if I was O.K.
The Carnegie Museum of Art (www.cmoa.org) and the Carnegie Natural History Museum (www.carnegiemnh.org) are both at 4400 Forbes Avenue in Pittsburgh, (412) 622-3131.
Caroline Worra, soprano; other vocalists; Glimmerglass Opera Orchestra, conducted by Stewart Robertson (Naxos; two CDs).
The modern dance pioneer Isadora Duncan; John Bubbles, the father of rhythm tap; Nijinsky — these are names as giant and as important to their art as John Coltrane, Emily Dickinson and Picasso are to theirs.
Amy Leonard, 48, of Westport, Conn., a magazine photo stylist, said her 10-year-old son, Charlie, is “obsessed” with Club Penguin, so she limits his play to weekends.
Try Coenzyme Q10 150 mg/day.
SEATTLE, Oct.
The Chinese are a great people and there’s no good point wishing them ill because they want to be rich and powerful like “us”!
Stricker, who won the Barclays two weeks ago and finished tied for ninth at the Deutsche Bank Championship last week, has looked almost flawless at Cog Hill.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who had declared a state of emergency in seven counties on Sunday, said President Bush had called to offer federal assistance with the blazes, which could take several days to extinguish.
They worked clinics and summer camps together.
But just because a product wears pink doesn’t mean that buying it helps fight breast cancer.
However, now with the photos with the marked cannonballs and the close-ups of the rocks, more of the story is falling into place.
Inventories remained on the rise.
We must remain very dismissive of the complete unimportance of pop culture and get girls and boys to focus on the things that really matter, their education, kindness, spiritual development, family, managing friendships properly, principles, involvement in life, etc and all will be well.
One night when I was sitting by myself waiting for a friend, Mr. Mehta, who regularly works the dining room, handed me a picture book of Justin Bua’s graffiti and artwork to flip through.
“I don’t know if bourbon was designed to be so elegant and proper,” he lamented, though not unhappily.
“Wristcutters: A Love Story” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian) for language and disturbing content involving suicide.
He tracked down a competent janitorial service and bus company, and commandeered supplies with sheer persistence.
And conservatives who spoke optimistically about Mr. Thompson were as likely to talk about his presentation, and compare it to that of Mr. Reagan, as they were to talk of his politics.
The service made its debut on Travelocity (travelocity.roadtripwizard.com) and is to appear on other travel Web sites in the coming months.
Illusion of the viewer.
My high school French gave me the outlines: night passing, you and me, love.
30 — This year’s world bridge championships started here Sunday with American-versus-American play the order of the day.
Heat oil with 1 tablespoon butter in a 3-quart saucepan.
It will never happen in our home.
The salon guests prattle endlessly about art.
“My concern is that the marketing is coming before the science,” said Troy Duster, a professor of sociology at New York University who was an adviser on the Human Genome Project and an author of the Science editorial.
When a higher purpose beckons, death itself must take a back seat.
The latrines, cement block structures, remain — sturdy, ominous sentries.
In June it reinstated pasta dishes on its menu.
This year, the school has gone one step further and is prohibiting all costumes at its Halloween festivities.
E*Trade plunged $5.04, or 58.7 percent, to $3.55.
She has proposed a leadership triumvirate with Christian Thielemann, the conductor, and Peter Ruzicka, the former director of the Salzburg Festival.
That is, I have three kids ranging in age from 10 to 3 and a half.
In a show of customer appreciation, some Park Slope stores are letting people borrow yellow umbrellas when they need them.
“Cantabile,” an orchestra work, reveled in the beauty of its own phrases without sounding hackneyed; “Message” was more anxious about getting across something important.
A native of Pistoia, Mr. Catinari studied with Swiss chocolatiers for two decades starting in the 1950s.
Michael Thomas, the author of “Man Gone Down”; David Orr on poetry; Sam Tanenhaus on Saul Bellow.
Although part of the joy was waiting for parts 2 and especially 3, I hope you’ll publish this as a whole.
(It is possible to imagine Mr. Anger without Warhol, but not Warhol without Mr. Anger.)
Mr. Hader continued to work at menial jobs on Hollywood films like “Collateral Damage” and “The Scorpion King,” and on the “Star Wars” documentary “Empire of Dreams.”
While the validity of capital punishment, or even of lethal injection, is not at stake, the case will require the justices to take a position on the current meaning of the Eighth Amendment prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment.
Tim Weiner, the author of “Legacy of Ashes”; Touré on tennis books; James Ryerson on Richard Rorty.
There’s actually a lot of good stuff going on at Yahoo, but there is also a tendency for the company to come off like a Google wannabe.
A useful trick.
Even the regional capital, Yinchuan, has an unfinished look and feel to it, with broad ceremonial avenues, but little of the traffic and bustle common in the country’s east.
The photographs seem to confirm this in the “on” photo.
For perspective on Brisbane's role as Pacific headquarters for the allied forces in World War II, visit the MacArthur Museum Brisbane, at 201 Edward Street, dedicated to General Douglas MacArthur, who made Brisbane his base for two years.
I just have a feeling that everything is about to change here,’” Ms. Davidtz said.
Known as Societas Europaea, or S.E., the arrangement allows Porsche to negotiate reduced worker representation on the board.
Thursday’s sell-off began after Citigroup, the world’s biggest bank, was downgraded by three analysts, including Meredith A. Whitney of CIBC World Markets, who raised doubts about its ability to maintain its dividend.
While only a percentage of that will be evident in a photo, the act of digging out the cannonballs and transporting them to the road will move and loosen even more debris.
Nostalgia and a touch of Alzheimer’s shielded Mr. Phillips, a retired Civil Court judge, from the truth, but not his old pal.
“There was a garden apartment boom at the same time as the baby boom,” said Andrew B. Abramson, the chief executive of the Value Companies, a real estate company based in Clifton, and a baby boomer himself.
Hillary holds the center left while Edwards is at the left ala McGovern.
The nation's second-largest health insurer raised the low end of its forecast for fiscal 2007 and said it plans to buy back $7 billion worth of its stock before 2009.
If talk shows were like that today, I would watch them.
Then a news flash caught my eye: “Let’s Hear It for a Beautiful Guy” by Bruce Jay Friedman had been released in Mill Valley.
This exhibit will feature some 40 prints by Ms. Conner, who has spent most of the last 25 years working in Asia.
Thank you, from a visually-challenged non-photographer.
He attended Washington and Lee University until 1943, when he enlisted in the Army Air Corps.
Fascinating!
Today’s Guzzis are still shaft-driven, although with far greater finesse than the bright-red 1980s models (a V50 Monza III and a CX100 Le Mans) I used to own.
Smith declined to comment about Santana, who has rejected Minnesota’s four-year, $80 million offer.
“Beowulf” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
ING, which operates in more than 50 countries, has since become the title sponsor in the United States of the Georgia Marathon and the Miami Marathon.
Running was so hard, he was so slow, he became tired so fast.
I’m guessing he actually thought the clear road would provide a better picture.
Constantin Costa-Gavras, the Greek-born director of “Z” and “Missing,” will head the jury at the annual Berlin Film Festival in February, The Associated Press reported yesterday.
Joe Torre learned that fact of Yankees life.
Think of it: single men raising children can earn enough without having support from the ex-wife; he can hire a nanny to replace the mom.
Stepping into Mr. Harris’s generously sized bedroom is like entering a separate apartment.
Mr. Thain, however, lacks the experience of managing a business as big and complex as Citigroup, according to a person briefed on the matter.
Tishman Speyer Properties has formed a joint venture with Morgan Stanley, the global investment bank, whose headquarters are at the north end of Times Square; their plan calls for a major skyscraper on the eastern railyard that would be a new headquarters for the bank and perhaps the start of another financial district in Manhattan.
“How would you reply to the contention that…?”
It’s interesting that in the end at the running about with cannon balls, travel, talking to experts, etc was not essential to the solving of the mystery.
The direction, while suggesting that Fenton was looking back toward the English camp, is not totally conclusive since ‘’mostly west and a little south'’ is not exactly south and the road does wind a bit.
Sébastien Bourdais’s hopes of clinching a fourth consecutive title were hampered after a poor start forced him to drop from the pole position.
Some field tests are under way outside the United States, Dr. Chiang said, by corporate sponsors of his research who do not want to be identified.
Both will be getting their checks back, she said.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 967-7555.
She never knew her biological ones.
Last season, the Chargers gave up 30 points twice, but they are struggling to tackle and to create a pass rush, which makes covering receivers downfield nearly impossible.
I told him my decision.
As Vishakha Desai, the president of the Asia Society, has pointed out, these Islamist attacks near Swat have already included the partial destruction of a seated image of the Buddha carved into a 130-foot-high rock, a work of Buddhist art second only in importance in South Asia to the Bamiyan Buddhas, destroyed in 2001 by the Taliban.
WBAI, which is part of the Pacifica network, decided to run “Howl Against Censorship” yesterday on the Pacifica Web site because the Internet, satellite programming and cable TV are not regulated by the F.C.C. The show included a 24-minute recording from 1959 of Ginsberg reading his poem; an interview with Lawrence Ferlinghetti, the original publisher of “Howl” and the defendant in the 1957 case; and a panel on the First Amendment.
As a consequence, the agency said, global energy security will increasingly be at risk.
There appears to be a science (medication) vs. ideaology (no medication) clash, but I’m not certain science has yet to provide much real information aside from the fact that some people are different.
There were Yash and Avanti Birla, the 30-something couple who had posed for the cover of Indian L'Officiel, a popular society magazine, the previous month.
And having twin infants prompted me to sell my firearms, although a bolt-action varmint rifle, 9 mm 14-round semi-automatic pistol and a double-barreled shotgun would be no match for a .50 caliber sniper rifle, an AK-47 or an M16A2–as they say.
I know we are all nuts, but in my experience Republicans tend to take themselves more seriously than Democrats and can’t match Democrats in the sense of humor department.
The Church of Scientology said it would fight the charges.
A Toyota Camry showed slightly better mileage on a 30 percent blend than on straight gasoline; a regular Ford Fusion also did slightly better on a 30 percent blend.
Often, these signs may be subtle: employees may simply seem distracted, less punctual or less able to meet deadlines.
So the prospects are good.
One of those is Jared Bernstein, a senior economist at the labor-oriented Economic Policy Institute and an expert on income and wages.
I read plenty of great stories this year.
As of last month, 60 homes had been foreclosed in Grosse Pointe; at the same time last year there were 16, according to the Michigan Multiple Listing Service.
But a frenetic Hokies defense combined with a cold and blustery rain dented almost those hopes.
Few people buy Air Force 1s to wear on a basketball court, and many collectors keep several pairs in pristine condition to protect their value.
He said the key was to look not just at the size, but whether the walls of the heart were thicker than normal, forcing the heart to work harder to pump blood.
At first, there were Quakers who arrived as religious refugees.
In the last five years, the Dodgers have paid their players $501 million and the tax man nothing.
A 1992 law, for instance, denies ships access to American ports for six months after they have docked in Cuba, making shipping tricky, to say the least.
Even though the Nets offered a $10 ticket special, the crowd was one of the smallest of the season for a team that was booed as the 8-12 Clippers pulled away.
When he went from desk to desk, offering editing advice on writing assignments, he was often met with profanity.
On Nov.
By contrast, one of the best parts of the Wrightsman Galleries is a nonperiod room offering a display of Sèvres ceramics, including 10 small pieces of wood furniture decorated with vividly colored ceramic tiles, plaques and panels.
A late-night call between leaders is prompting desperate diagnoses.
Finally!
Mr. Qurei has complained about having to take a circuitous route to Jerusalem, through checkpoints, which turns what used to be a 15-minute journey into one of more than an hour.
They saw, most of all, one-bedroom apartments converted to two.
God, I remember when I first saw and understood Dick Cavett as a girl and realized that intellectual men are so sexy.
“Todd has had a more difficult experience than we have.
Some of Col. Ricky Gibbs’s Stryker battalions are rotating out, he told senior Iraqi and American officers last month, and he wants more Iraqi police sooner than training units say they can be properly screened, drilled and equipped.
30, the adjacent ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles will bar any truck built before 1989, and by 2012, any truck built before 2007.
Furthermore, what do the shadows on a cannonball, a Crimean cannonball, circa 1850, really look like – not in a Fenton photograph but sitting alone, unadorned in the Valley of the Shadow of Death 150 years later?
Although Pérez was the first player suspended by baseball, he was not the first player whose name surfaced in connection with amphetamines.
What Ms. Grubola did not know, but Mr. Porter did, was that the drawings she saw as a youngster were among the few seen outside the Detroit design studios.
WBAI's decision was reported yesterday in the San Francisco Chronicle.
During a recent six-hour power failure, Mr. Factor estimated that his 2005 Prius used less than one gallon of gasoline.
Now, you don’t have a clue who is bullying your child.
I’m not saying that the music redeems the politics.
I went to the opening of the New Museum at 235 Bowery.
Some are chosen for their self-evident importance.
For example, Maria Elena Ibarra Martín, a marine scientist at the University of Havana, said through a translator that American organizations had provided Cuban turtle and shark researchers with tags and other equipment.
In the ’90s, the Agriculture Department said, an outbreak traced to hot dogs and, possibly, deli meats sickened at least 101 people and caused 15 adult deaths and 6 stillbirths or miscarriages.
President Bollinger has a short (and defective) memory.
I also have a question: Ever since the calamitous marathon in Chicago, I’ve been wanting to find a piece you wrote, probably decades ago, about your observations of the terrible toll a marathon can take on human bodies.
What’s surprising is the degree to which we’ve all become sophisticates, engaging in our own Packard-like critiques of consumer culture without changing our habits.
Josh Morgenthau, keeper of the birds, was mumbling something about re-electrifying the fence to keep any more from flying the coop.
North by northwest, like the movie.
The result has been this pathetic dance backwards: two types of licenses, etc.
His career ruined by the storm, the man who once opened for Etta James, jammed with Lionel Hampton and thrilled audiences on four continents lives in a tiny Manhattan apartment provided by the Jazz Foundation of America, which has aided in more than 3,000 emergency cases involving musicians and their families affected by Katrina.
Still, the instant wireless gratification is intoxicating, especially compared with the clunky method of loading up previous e-readers, with a Windows PC and a cable.
He noted this approvingly.
Now Mercedes Ruehl, a frequent Albee interpreter, takes the role of the sculptor Louise Nevelson, who, looking back from beyond death, tries to unweave (or possibly tangle) the threads of personality and art.
Most of them do not seem to be supportive enough, nor do they seem to be outraged enough about what is happening to the American worker, all American workers!!!
The play was reviewed, but the referee ruled that Gaffney maintained control of the ball.
But working on Studebaker designs at Loewy’s design firm, Exner struggled to get the attention of his boss, who had to sign off on every facet of the designs.
Looking back on the year I spent speaking for Wyeth, I’ve asked myself if my work as a company speaker led me to do bad things.
I know by heart the sweet chime of the grandfather clock off the tea room, the slope of the lawn down to the lake, the dusky silhouette of the Adirondacks at twilight.
One fallacy that I seldom see addressed in the discussions of professors “indoctrinating” their students with left-wing views: students don’t do what professors tell them!
Every time there is silence, there can follow stillness and when there is stillness there can be balance.
Based on current economic conditions, the company now expects full-year 2007 U.S. industry unit shipments to decline approximately 4 percent.
That is a good thing.
The drugs from Merck and Roche have not raised blood pressure in clinical trials so far.
If the man is a hero, then they came in over an hour and a half.
Mr. Schatsky said that this was even more of a concern for emerging markets.
Donna Foucachon, an American who moved to Idaho from Lyon, France, with her French husband after their sons chose to attend New St. Andrews, said that the N.S.A. education impressed her French brother-in-law, who “is an extremely cultured, educated man who worked in government and ate with the shah.
Just how and when the change began, I cannot remember precisely.
Among those crediting Mr. Gore for elevating the climate issue — if differing from him dramatically on solutions — is the former House speaker Newt Gingrich.
To me, this means getting involved to try to make the world a better place; talk is cheap.
“Long Road Out of Eden.”
I am very happy that you now write these nostalgic essays for the NYT.
Second-ranked Kuznetsova leveled 4-4 and went up 5-4, breaking the Italian in the ninth game.
That left the sprint to the finish to Lel and Goumri, and Lel recalled how difficult Goumri had been to shake in London.
WASHINGTON, Oct.
I have my room arranged like a living room, with couches and a coffee table.
It’s a real nuisance.
A strike would cause almost all Broadway theaters to go dark, shuttering 27 shows now running.
These events all point to something that has been swept under the rug for too long in black America: the crisis in relations between men and women of all classes and, as a result, the catastrophic state of black family life, especially among the poor.
The stagehand didn’t win anything.
Comments are moderated.
But Phil Dawson’s 52-yard field-goal attempt, sailing through the raindrops, failed to clear the crossbar.
Admiral Mullen was a guest of the Israeli chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi, who held a dinner for him Sunday night at which most senior Israeli commanders were present.
No branch has the power to eliminate freedoms without your signature.
Jorge Luis Borges once said that what interested him in literature was naming what had not yet been named.
In a few hours, everything came together in a symphonic close, and we tasted the various dishes and departed, crammed with information and energized — the chef had done all the work.
“You’re just getting into a rhythm” when you have to stop, he said.
Do we really need singers or (or ball players) so badly that we could so blatantly overlook all of the things Sinatra did that were objectionable.
Following a 10-0-1 start under coach Bob Bradley — Michael's father — the United States had lost to Argentina, Paraguay, Colombia, Sweden and Brazil.
The equity fund TPG named Victor Blank, the chairman of Lloyds TSB Group, as senior adviser in Britain.
They echo the layout of the Parthenon itself, with a colonnade set around a sacred inner temple chamber.
Rape is the only crime I can think of where the victim is guilty until proven innocent and though I do think that society is a bit more sympathetic about it today than 20 years ago, we have such a long way to go.
They need to learn strength and discipline.
A few minutes later I was walking down the street and realized that I had some quarters in my hand.
And he preaches what he practices.
Unless your family is as large as Mitt Romney’s, you may find it meets your needs while stretching your budget.
An obvious solution has struck a few American farmers: Steve Scaroni and others like him are relocating to a place where inexpensive farm labor is abundant and legal: Mexico.
The result of such unconscious self misrepresentation is the same political misrepresentation that results in the political economic suicide of blue collar America’s support for the Republican Party.
It would have been better if he had set aside his generosity and his duty toward her-toward us-more often, or entirely, and simply explored and enjoyed their collaboration.
Mr. Zisman, who owns Elzee Construction in New York, wanted a fixer-upper; a house that was in “total disarray, and that he could put together,” Mrs. Zisman said.
Her homecoming procession in Karachi was attacked by two bomb blasts that killed 150 supporters and narrowly missed killing her.
Hillary has a lot to offer but she also has a lot of baggage and needs to take a few risks.
Networks say they would try to maintain ratings during the day in the event of a strike by substituting more news and sports programming.
In 1969, he married Bonnie Bolding, a stockbroker and a former beauty queen.
This was before Tyler Hamilton and Floyd Landis tested positive, before that pathetic appearance by Mark McGwire and Palmeiro in front of Congress, but I was already pretty immune to athletes who bluster.
By contrast, all of the Democratic candidates would repeal billions of dollars in tax breaks for oil companies, spend billions more each year to develop alternative fuels, and require cars and trucks to be far more fuel-efficient.
AIDS epidemic = Poverty (in the developing, poor world), vs. Breast cancer epidemic = Affluence (in the developed, rich world).
“I know it has a lot of violations, but we’re working on it,” Mr. Rukaj said.
On the agenda: finding the right time to bring in experts to train students in relaxation techniques.
In 2001, for example, Regan Schreiber, an all-American swimmer at Penn State in the 1990s, swam the English Channel (30 miles) in 9 hours 30 minutes.
With this digression, the beleaguered fellow reveals himself to be an inhabitant of the surreal world of Will Eno, the gifted and venturesome playwright whose play “Thom Pain (based on nothing)” generated many a heated debate in dive bars downtown and dining rooms uptown a couple of years back.
Its investment bank which has overcome a string of inconsistent results to post several strong quarters in a row, must navigate the continuing turmoil.
Every single time the audience gasped and screamed and leaned sideways in their seats as the boat capsized and was utterly silent when the seas finally calmed.
But Roth is also vain; she’s a journalist, after all, and rubbing shoulders, and who knows what else, with movers and shakers has blunted her senses, clouded her vision.
Terrain that has tripped up such great critical minds is not to be entered incautiously.
Wisconsin is applying for patent protection on the new technique but does not intend to require academic scientists to get a license.
In a conference call Tuesday with reporters, Sergey Brin, Google’s other founder and president of technology, said the effort was motivated in part by the company’s frustrating search for clean, cheap energy alternatives.
A 2006 report [PDF] on higher education commissioned by Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings, which raised hackles with its proposal to introduce No Child Left Behind-style standards testing in universities, hardly mentioned the humanities.
University officials agree that the use of nontraditional faculty is soaring.
An American from Worcester, Mass., Mrs. Marriner bought Warwick Hall in 1998 with her second husband, Nick, an English accountant and enthusiastic fisherman and hunter.
There’s an important provision in both bills that will make it easier for schools to buy food from local farmers.
Finally, they were asked to describe what factors they considered in arriving at their decisions.
Can you imagine such an uncomfortable and honest TV moment today?
American college students already have to live down a stereotype of their own making.
When it comes to the brain we aren’t quite there yet.
Several people (including me) made the comment in the first edition that the rocks were too neatly arranged on the ON pictuere to be random.
I had seen the film before on battered VHS, and Monika’s look certainly registers even in diminished shadow form.
But the United States has stepped up pressure in other ways: Voice of America and Radio Free Asia doubled their broadcasting into the country in Burmese to five hours a day.
Years ago, Mr. Soerensen inherited a share of a vacation house that had once belonged to his great-grandfather.
He knew it was the work of God because it had been memorized completely by holy men, a feat that proves God’s existence.
In the unpleasant aftermath — ineffectual police reports, endless phone calls with banks — Mr. Yu delved into the world of identity theft prevention, looking for tools to protect himself and the estimated 15 million Americans who have been touched by the crime.
The game, which began at 7:06 p.m., finally ended at 12:50 a.m.
I was hoping to see if there may have been impact divots in one of the photographs from which the cannonballs had been removed, but there is not enough resolution in the small web-sized images to determine this.
“I'm bored by what's offered here.”
Pay-Rod said the exact same things about Seattle he later claimed about New York.
Sergeant Carrara is also a vocalist and guitarist in a punk-rock band called EDP, which, in police parlance, is an acronym for emotionally disturbed person.
In Wisconsin, Ms. Thompson’s trial coincided perfectly with Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle’s re-election campaign, and Republicans tried to link Doyle to Thompson.
Without the extension, 20 states were at risk of exhausting their money for the program, which insures the children of poor families with incomes too high to qualify for Medicaid.
And the databases of many companies are not only small — they’re also proprietary, making it hard to verify results.
He had never encountered talk like their’s.
It’s complicated.
The unfortunate truth is that this question was not a test of her position on an issue, but her ability to challenge this kind of thinking and in that regard she failed miserably.
Much of the evidence for the impact of frequent binge-drinking comes from some simple but elegant studies done on lab rats by Fulton T. Crews and his former student Jennifer Obernier.
To say that he’s other surely does violence to the art of comparison.
The Clippers lost point guard Sam Cassell with 8:18 left in the first quarter after he strained his left calf defending Alston away from the ball in front of the Houston bench.
It seems obvious that she was trying to avoid an answer that could cost her votes from one side or the other on this issue.
Jordan Payne had 27 points for the Warhawks (1-2).
If truth develops a liberal bias, then formerly academic questions become political questions.
She did it out of good intentions and a kinship with other struggling parents.
Upon her return from exile, Golovina became the target of bullying and other abusive treatment by teachers and classmates because of her “‘kulak’ origins.”
Her work has appeared in Vogue, Harper's, The New York Times, Modern Ferret, and elsewhere.
There’s a world of difference between Dave Chappelle and Imus — Chappelle is using humor to expose our racial stereotypes and to get us thinking about them and the cultural commonplaces that make racism so easy.
Congress responded last year by amending the law when it reauthorized the U.S.A. Patriot Act.
In awe of the maestro, he was too timid to go backstage and meet him.
Of the 500 students at King, 135 have permission to use the clinic, said Principal Michael McCarthy.
Mr. Sayles may not be thrilled with the constant scrambling, but he has come to terms with it.
The reasons weren’t entirely clear, but they seemed to include some combination of the admissions office taking Proposition 209 to heart and black students falling further behind in the academic arms race.
“Awake” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
Jeff Zucker, the president and chief executive of NBC Universal, and Ron Meyer, the president of Universal Studios, are also scheduled to attend.
In Minnesota, it began in the mid-1960s after teams evolved from six- and eight-man football.
But the real killer was the growth in participations.
Offering no guarantee, Vanguard aims to avoid reducing investments while making distributions, as a university endowment does.
‘PUMPGIRL’ Previews start on Thursday.
Robert Eisele’s screenplay imagines a smooth historical arc.
I have noticed this on almost every blog.
I trust you see the difference.
At different points in his life Mr. Mailer was a prodigious drinker and drug taker, a womanizer, a devoted family man, a would-be politician who ran for mayor of New York, a hipster existentialist, an antiwar protester, an opponent of women’s liberation and an all-purpose feuder and short-fused brawler, who with the slightest provocation would happily engage in head-butting, arm-wrestling and random punch-throwing.
Yet after that unpromising start, the Chilean film’s off-putting, sometimes dizzying visual style — shaky, fast-moving hand-held camerawork and heavy use of close-ups — settles down enough to reveal elements of absorbing drama, layered with black humor and rare sexual and emotional frankness.
Could you really watch that debate and think Hillary was great?
Relatively speaking, the death toll from the cyclone was small — nearly 3,500 according to latest official count, roughly double the death toll of Hurricane Katrina but far less than the 140,000 killed during the last Bangladeshi cyclone, in 1991.
President Vladimir Putin is not trying to bar the observers altogether; that would be too obvious.
Still wearing the soiled black T-shirt in which he was arrested, Robert E. Chambers Jr., who has been unable to shake his 20-year-old identity as the “Preppy Killer,” spoke in a soft voice as he pleaded not guilty yesterday to charges of selling cocaine from his companion’s rent-stabilized apartment.
Astronauts inside the station then began the delicate process of extending the array to its full length, with Dr. Parazynski and Col. Douglas H. Wheelock, stationed at the base of the array, watching for any hint of trouble.
Pelfrey, who began the season with seven losses, could slide to the bullpen when Orlando Hernández returns from a foot injury next week.
Without a doubt, Joe Biden is clearly the most qualified of all the candidates!!
Judge George F. McGunnigle of state district court in Minneapolis granted Wyeth’s motion to throw out the case, ruling that a woman who blamed the drugs for her breast cancer had failed to offer any “scientifically valid evidence” supporting her claim, the company said yesterday.
WAPELLO, Iowa, Nov.
“We hope that when students come out of here they consider the fate of the natural world, which, in my opinion, is the greatest dilemma of the 21st century,” said Dr. Johnson, a philosophy professor at St. Lawrence.
Music!
If you’ve ever watched a close relative deal with the effects of aging, you know it comes on hard and strong as some point.
But the worst part is that Mr. Idilbi, a professional actor in the Netherlands, had been giving such a strong performance before his unscripted departure.
Many Western diplomats in Islamabad said they believed that even a flawed arrangement like that one was ultimately better than an oppressive and unpopular military dictatorship under General Musharraf.
Her team interrupted her with applause.
William C. Rhoden, the author of "$40 Million Slaves."; David Margolick on "Fear: Anti-Semitism in Poland After Auschwitz," by Jan T. Gross.
The opposition lawyer, Aitzaz Ahsan, who is one of three lawyers acting as constitutional advisers to the Supreme Court, argued on Wednesday and Thursday that the court should focus on whether General Musharraf’s candidacy was unconstitutional, because he is a member of the armed forces.
My respect for him went down a notch from this debate.
Neither wholly animation nor live action, it is a sophisticated visual technique, and true believers see it as the future of movies, though really the most interesting thing about it is that it’s not intrinsically interesting.
And smaller properties on the ocean can still be found for around 150,000 to 200,000 Canadian dollars.
Many American politicians have considered endorsing a carbon tax politically suicidal; among the few who publicly support the concept are Senator Christopher J. Dodd, a Connecticut Democrat and presidential candidate who has called for a corporate carbon tax, and former Vice President Al Gore, who won the Nobel Peace Prize this month for his work on climate change.
ERROL MORRIS: Staged in the sense that he put the cannon balls on the road?
That does not appear to have happened.
1988 35TH ANNIVERSARY CHEVROLET CORVETTE Chevrolet has released quite a few special-edition Corvettes, including Indianapolis 500 pace cars and models for the 25th and 50th anniversaries.
Finally, there are thermostats that can be hooked up to a computer to alert a homeowner when the temperature reaches a certain level.
That article, which focused on Conseco and Penn Treaty, was mentioned by Senator Grassley in his letters to insurers and by the House Committee on Energy and Commerce when it started a similar investigation in May.
Mr. Kinnear, like Mr. Freeman, is recycling a stereotype he has played before: a bland, wagging puppy who is smugly clueless and (despite one sweaty lovemaking scene) sexless.
Justice Department officials said the White House had selected the nominees for deputy attorney general, associate attorney general and the other jobs some time ago, but the announcement was delayed until Mr. Mukasey, a retired federal judge from New York, had a chance to review and approve the list.
I knew about Neurontin and had prescribed it occasionally for bipolar disorder in my practice, though I had never found it very helpful.
DETROIT, Nov.
We are fast becoming a second rate nation because of the neocon incompetence that infests the executive branch.
His Mandarin had a slight Shandong accent, since he had lived with Pingping's parents.
It might work if it is sustained, a word the Commission’s report quite properly emphasizes.
All five starters for each team scored in double figures.
They were feared to be vulnerable to reprisal because of the film’s depiction of a culturally inflammatory rape scene.
When Ms. Fitzgerald told representatives of one vendor, Heritage Bag, that she was planning to put that contract up for bid, she says, one representative told her at dinner with several people that he would “take care of” her.
During a news conference last week, Mr. Schwartz urged people to take a train or bus to the city, although he predicted that fewer than a quarter of those coming to the arena would do so, at least in the beginning.
Our continued presence there is the major threat to our national security.
The cultural experience is so vastly removed from middle America and above, that the disconnect between a teacher from ‘outside’ and the student does make a difference.
Mark, who has produced a documentary about his father, says he compressed events to make his account more readable, and changed some identities to protect people’s privacy.
SHANGHAI, Sept.
Within minutes, the Drudge site had injected Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton’s fund-raising success into the day’s political news on the Internet and cable television.
Mr. Colleluori has said that Mr. Hiraman was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2003 while attending Cornell University and was treated at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Manhattan.
Another sergeant — Iglesias was all he could recall — was shot dead when he went searching for Sergeant Ocasio.
That once-plentiful farm system is tapped out at the high levels, except for pitching, and position-player help is at least a year away.
It’s all about the topology of the land.
I was surprised and impressed by both the breadth of the selection of texts and the prices.
One thing led to another, from medicine to science and space exploration, to Time magazine and eventually to the staff of The New York Times to cover the most ambitious American response to Sputnik: the Apollo program.
A spokesman for the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, Errol Cockfield, was asked over a period of days if the memo or any other notice of the plan had been forwarded to the Fire Department, but declined to comment, citing the criminal investigation under way.
This is, unbelievably, the first meeting of the season between the N.F.C. North rivals.
Citigroup’s four-person search committee began interviewing executive recruitment firms yesterday to help identify candidates to guide the global bank.
As his six-month tour at Guantanamo neared its end, his stint as the deputy legal adviser there looked like more of the same.
I volunteer to slap on the afterthought wheelchair access ramps, made from scraps of blue barricades that must be in the public domain by now!
There was plenty of complaining for a while and my wife and I are pretty clueless about most pop culture, but it was a good decision.
Clifton Brown was 4 when his grandmother decided that formal physical exercise would cheer him up after his playmates, all older cousins, deserted him for school.
James had 15 points and 3 assists in the first half.
“Our mind-set was, they’re going to break out of it at some point and we wanted to make sure it wasn’t against us,” Rangers center Chris Drury said.
Stories of it being “God’s will” were them trying to understand in their local time and place in a way that made sense to them.
The United Nations Security Council, after a week of negotiating the language of a statement, said it “strongly deplores” the use of violence against demonstrators in Myanmar, “emphasizes the importance” of the early release of political prisoners and detainees and urges the government to “create the necessary conditions for a genuine dialogue” with Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader held under house arrest, and other groups.
It’s genius, and it’s lots of fun to play with your friends.
“Donnie Darko” evoked the nuclear dread of an ’80s childhood.
Ms. Baum, the economist, said she expected that decline to halt because Congress recently enacted increases in the maximum amount of the grant, which had held constant at $4,050 for four years.
Whether one must know which way is south in the photograph to decide which phot was taken first, I do not know.
These rednecks in Massachusetts call AM radio to ask other people what to do with their money.
The swashbuckle of Errol Flynn flicks, the self-sacrifice of “Casablanca” and “Now, Voyager,” the nobility of the maverick idealist in Frank Capra films: All these crowd-pleasing virtues are combined in “Cyrano,” tied up with pretty ribbons of literary lyricism.
That, continuing deep into the 21st century, would be a stirring achievement.
I’m an Anglo teacher in a predominantly Hispanic high school, and I even have the gall to teach Hispanic Literature.
Pain is an invisible, subjective symptom.
No law specifically bans their importation, but Mamie Manneh, 39, of Staten Island, an immigrant from Liberia, is accused of falsely labeling her delivery and failing to obtain proper permits, charges that could bring a maximum prison sentence of five years.
I attribute this to cutting out all refined sugar from my diet, and also the intense exercise I get from fencing.
To make things even tougher, he has found that Catalonian Coloms and Genoese Colombos are so closely related it is hard to distinguish them with the standard Y-chromosome tests.
The United States Chamber of Commerce spent heavily to secure a Republican, pro-business majority, while Mr. Minor contributed heavily to the other side.
The current rules, league members say, inevitably lead to stagehands on the clock with nothing to do.
Try to include us mortals.
The capital the consortium has to raise in the next few weeks to finance the bid “is high in absolute and relative terms and market circumstances are volatile at this point in time,” the company said.
All sides need to come away from the November meeting feeling that something concrete has changed in the Middle East — and finally for the better.
Travelers Aid workers maintain close relationships with other social services agencies.
An Op-Art on Friday, about assessing presidential candidates, misstated the era in which The Monthly Magazine conducted its review of British politicians.
Excerpted from The Fall of Troy by Peter Ackroyd Copyright © 2007 by Peter Ackroyd.
BY nature, cruise lovers tend to be egalitarian types.
Neighborhoods with hard-liners, like Fadhil, leave the Iraqi government with questions, though, not least of all because the leaders there freely say that they meet with other Awakening leaders to share ideas.
Among the family’s eight children, Muncif was the indisputable star.
“Most likely, it would produce in Neanderthals the same range of hair color that we see in northern Europeans today,” he said.
Among other strategies, the right-wing is trying to get people from other communities to view Arabs and Muslims as threats to their safety and security.
I also find Fish’s article itself disingenuous.
As the MTA updated its budget forecasts, their balance sheet yielded an additional $220 million.
Believe me it’s not for everyone.
This is a medical condition that requires treatment beyond behavior modification.
The supporting cast is enormous.
Its shares dropped 41 cents, or 6.9 percent, to $5.52.
The movie, which is focused on four black upper-middle-class couples who go on a retreat together, is the latest from Tyler Perry, a playwright, screenwriter and actor who some say has the ability to accurately portray the black experience, especially that of women.
But that would be a pessimistic view.
I think your shows should be required watching for all.
Beehives become underpopulated, as bees either leave the hive to die or become lost outside it and fail to find their way home.
Last season, the Anaheim Ducks finished atop the Pacific Division en route to their first Stanley Cup.
The overall gains made in public diplomacy during Ms. Hughes’s tenure are difficult to assess.
A co-winner of the peace prize that year, Mohamed ElBaradei, the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, made no secret of his opposition to the American invasion of Iraq and has angered the Bush administration by his measured methods for trying to rein in nuclear proliferation, particularly in Iran.
That means there would be more white-space opportunity in rural areas, which also tend to be underserved by wired broadband services.
The proposed sale is almost certain to attract close scrutiny in Washington, where Huawei has long attracted suspicions over supposed links to China’s military and intelligence agencies.
In the interview he deflected questions about his future.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
10, and William H. Marsh, the Council president, became acting mayor.
He also admitted, for the first time, that he had misjudged the power of the negative advertising against him.
You have to keep your mind open that something may be emerging from the ground up — and yet be wary.
So, Dick Cavett, do you still think trash talk is fun?
On a second photographic plate he could also improve the exposure value of the ditch.
He was actually born in Jersey City and raised in Brooklyn; at one point he lets the accent slip so we can hear what he sounded like before the elocution studies took hold.
Murder is unthinkable to the ordinary person, and in that way at least the seven guests at Treekape were quite ordinary.
Next to the picture is the framed wedding invitation: the ceremony was at St. Bartholomew’s in Manhattan, with the reception at the very genteel address of 1 East 68th Street.
On the other hand, if you ask me, the real problem with TV, cable or broadcast, is the commercials.
He is the perfect client for his classless agent.
Although I’d never grilled them before, I knew that the intense direct flames could render the shoulder chops tough and chewy.
However I can also see a benefit from a moment of silence but too don’t see a need for legislation of such action.
First, the consumer business could divest certain core operations.
And the admiral says that planning for a future war demands that all agencies of the United States government be involved.
The Judiciary Committee passed a somewhat watered-down version of the House bill a few weeks ago.
I live in northern Minnesota.
To achieve a kind of symmetry he sets all three acts in kitchens that combine modern imagery with expressionist touches.
“I always wondered, did he take the eye patch off?” she muses.
In Fredericksburg, the Nest (607 South Washington Street; 830-990-8383) serves dinner for two for about $60 without wine.
Mr. Lumet’s aversion to nostalgia is apparent whatever the topic of conversation.
Initially, Imageworks will employ 100 people, but the center will be designed to accommodate up to 1,000 workers.
He was 80.
Bhutto's party is still holding out hope of a power-sharing deal with Musharraf after parliamentary elections due by January.
In an hourlong interview in an Afghan jail in Kabul, he said his interest in Islam blossomed three years ago when he was living in Siberia.
Thank goodness for cats, especially those with cameos in art made for children.
Yet if you want to learn about psychoanalysis at the nation’s top universities, one of the last places to look may be the psychology department.
At the end of the crew day, viewers of NASA TV (www.nasa.gov/ntv) were treated to the sight of the astronauts’ taking advantage of a bit of leisure time, cavorting in zero gravity, tumbling and flying past one another in formation as if they were comic-book superheroes at play.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
Use Times Topics to research media companies.
Excerpted from Bridge of Sighs by Richard Russo Copyright © 2007 by Richard Russo .
For all the complaints about egregious corporate advertising, interminable game times and the comedic stylings of Tim McCarver, any night with baseball is better than one without.
It seems everybody is so eager to share every part of themselves, which now appears to most benefit hovering advertisers.
Every installment in this series was charming.
All this aside I will miss Norman Mailer’s excogitate banter and intellectual insight.
In Dot Earth, reporter Andrew C. Revkin examines efforts to balance human affairs with the planet’s limits.
They didn’t know what to expect.
Just heard you on NPR’s Talk of The Nation here in Africa- I moved here from Los Angeles, CA.
Here in Scarsdale, the 4,700-student school district embarked on an environmental mission last year after the superintendent, Michael V. McGill, and parents here saw former Vice President Al Gore’s cautionary tale about global warming, “An Inconvenient Truth.”
The winning rally started with Matsui, whom Helton called the Rockies’ catalyst.
Of course I like the old country music — Patsy Cline, Johnny Cash, Hank Sr. But I cannot connect the dots, in fact I believe there are no dots, between Patsy and Carrie.
Yes, Rodriguez singled with the Yankees trailing, 6-1.
Lowell did not specify who would have paid more, but ESPN.com reported Monday that the Philadelphia Phillies had offered him a four-year, $50 million package.
Who was I to argue?
I don’t need to read 400 books at a time, I read 1 or 2, even on the subway.
Since February, Blaine, 15, and his best friend, Austin Visschedyk, 14, have been spending late nights skulking around nightclubs, restaurants and private parties, staking out the likes of Britney Spears, Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton (older women, all), declaring themselves the youngest paparazzi in the business.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that is already happening.
Joshua Ferris, the author of “Then We Came to the End”; Scott Stossel on biographies; John Leland on Larry McMurtry.
While those are made by simply dipping molds in latex, the female one uses complex thin-film polyurethane.
They simply are not great photographs so aren’t worth examining in minute detail.
With extra-operatic drama promised, history records a lot of adequacy, some spectacular failure and, every so often, a major discovery.
One typical day while I was idling in traffic, a car pulled up beside me.
But he was struck, he recalled in a recent telephone interview, by how cinematic it was.
And while I discovered that the mobile route to the information superhighway has some potholes and detours, surfing the Web as a passenger in a car may someday become second nature.
Now, of course, I’m middle aged, 45, and can’t help but feel that Watergate was a much needed tonic for what ailed the country at that time and I how I feel for the under 14 year olds today who could, at any moment, be torn from “World of Warcraft,”YouTube” and Britanny’s koochie.
Tracy Letts’s epic Oklahoma family drama transfers from the Steppenwolf in Chicago to Broadway (3:20).
I don’t get much out of the shadows, but I get a lot out of the little guys who were kicked aside.
Jeffrey Toobin, the author of “The Nine”; Leslie H. Gelb on “The Israel Lobby”; Dale Peck on “The Outsiders,” by S. E. Hinton.
An image taken from the footage, above, has been printed on postage stamps, and the name of the boy, Muhammad al-Dura, has been invoked by suicide bombers and Osama bin Laden.
His efforts delayed Oldsmobile’s demise, but did not prevent it.
She saw his illness as a sort of prison or wall, and searched her whole life for some way to break through and free him.
This year Lafayette is by all appearances humming like the solid school it was meant to be.
THE DISCOVERY OF FRANCE: A Historical Geography From the Revolution to the First World War.
But his efforts to play the scorned truth-teller — blackballed for his pointed criticisms of the incestuous intersection of journalism and celebrity — do not always correspond with reality.
Beyond the disastrous diplomatic and economic costs, a bombing campaign is unlikely to set back Iran’s efforts for more than a few years.
Where did each fail?
Once shows are back up and running, a fair number of opening dates may have to be pushed back.
6, it has found that its association with Ms. Winehouse is a mixed blessing.
Some corpses are shown along with the charred remains of villages, but the horrors inflicted by the government-sponsored, Arab-speaking militias known as the Janjaweed are not shown.
What would Paddy Chayefsky have wriiten about the mess Bush has created?
Rudy is straight as an arrow, and will clean up these frauds and throw them in Federal Row.
As a Hindu, it is amusing to see justifications like - but Jews go to heaven.
But the cost of failure is unacceptable.
Mr. Reitman said Ms. Cody would do just fine in Hollywood.
Its paid over 3-5 years, at which point the new professor is expected to have a steady stream of grant money coming in to cover cover these expenses.
You give quick glances.
Remaining in the military after the war, he served with the Strategic Air Command, the nation’s nuclear bombing force, and became a one-star general.
Cavett’s take on Imus is drowned in the radio man’s wisdom, freedom of speech, and refreshingly unique attributes.
Not only that, the car retails in Malaysia for $50,500 and up.
Born in Lima, Peru, on Aug.
While Blackwater has said its guards were attacked by automatic gunfire, the soldiers did not find any casings from the sort of guns typically used by insurgents or by Iraqi security forces, according to an American military official briefed on the findings of the unit that arrived at the scene about 20 minutes after the Blackwater convoy left.
In real life, Kuhn was no match for Miller, but the voters have tried to rewrite history.
And so, Mr. Saporta and Ms. Dueñas, 26, who is a sales manager at Temperley London, a fashion label with a studio in SoHo, decided to buy a place of their own in Manhattan.
Another clock starts.
His work added to the conviction that science maintains its truth seeking prowess by shared give and take within a social setting, lately speeded by newsgroups, discussion boards, or the larger blogosphere.
Giants linebacker Kawika Mitchell jumped on the loose ball, scrambled to his feet and ran 17 yards into the end zone.
This may explain the amount of time spent there by Fenton for just 2 photos.
They never talk to us and actually ask us, “What are you capable of doing without having to raise the price of cars by six or seven or eight thousand dollars?”
1, using labeling guidelines from the F.D.A. He said his label was reviewed and approved by the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture last summer.
Patchett builds up a good deal of tension in these early scenes, drawing on a host of weighty subjects: interracial adoption, familial allegiances and rivalries, Boston’s notoriously complex political and racial history.
They asked intelligent and pointed questions.
Propped up in a wheelchair, able to communicate only by blinking his left eye (the other, in one especially nightmarish scene, has been sewn shut to prevent infection), he remains a sensualist, a bon vivant and a keen literary wit.
Not surprisingly, it has outgrown its original site and in 1989 moved across Maple Avenue to a space that seats 175 people.
Another potential byproduct of a soft dollar is a decline in investment by foreigners in American stocks and bonds.
Ms. Mazel had struggled to lose weight since childhood.
Morning routine: I wake up at 8 a.m., make a cup of coffee, check my e-mail and get in the car and drive to the rink.
After Mr. Bachman continued to complain, Dr. Meier inserted a catheter into the artery to perform a diagnostic test that showed strong blood flow through the narrowing.
Nearby, there were residents painting shutters, replacing porch floor boards and planning for an evening at the open-air jazz concert in Branch Brook Park, just down the hill.
While many of those freed Monday were serving time for militant activity, none was convicted of killing or injuring Israelis.
Betfair set off the current crisis when it voided $7 million in bets after Mr. Davydenko withdrew from a match against 74th-ranked Martin Vassallo Arguello of Argentina at the Prokom Open in August in Sopot, Poland.
I haven’t shot moving film for years but it makes me want to go out and do it now.
EG, look at the shadows on the (one ball in OFF, two balls in ON) in the immediate right forground at the bottom.
We are, unfortunately, a throwaway culture and companies are making the decision to replace products instead of repairing them increasingly easy.
Bollinger simply wanted to hijack the headlines for himself, and stooped to this method to do so.
Henry Jenkins, director of the Comparative Media Studies Program at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has said that raising children without exposure to the media is “committing a form of child abuse.”
One of the hardest parts of being a parent is that all these opinions have equal weight in a public forum (like a PTA meeting).
Or perhaps it was both–a few cannonballs lobbed while he was there, a few cannonballs moved to create a more compelling image.
What will not change is that Brown faces the tough task of following one of the most gifted and successful British prime ministers of the past century, a man who gave the country peace in Northern Ireland, sustained prosperity and renewed confidence.
Dr. Aronson helped me with a medical problem when we adopted our daughter from China.
Mrs. Inserra, who runs a produce brokerage business, said she believed the project is going to “kick-start” Alexandria Bay.
Handsomely layered tuxedo dresses of tulle, poplin cotton and denim were as thick and impractical as if they had come from Yohji Yamamoto, but still recognizably Lagerfeld by the stiff high collars.
After Beliefnet filed for bankruptcy protection in 2002, the founders and employees of the site had their stock holdings wiped out.
The Accord is a big coupe, just 3.4 inches shorter over all than the newly stretched sedan, and about 7 inches longer than the competing Nissan Altima two-door.
With the Chapter 11 filing, the Salanders filed a list of the creditors with the 20 largest unsecured claims.
Or more recently, the question of how to monetize Facebook, Youtube, or MySpace.
Those billions will be seeking food, water and other resources on a planet where, scientists say, humans are already shaping climate and the web of life.
The movie rental koisks at the Albertson’s and Vons are much more convenient than BB for grabbing a new release, and for finding those hard-to-find titles, the library staff are much more knowledgable, friendlier and more professional than the slackers in my local BB.
The ATP has involved the British Horseracing Authority as well as two investigators from Scotland Yard.
Michael Kinsley is a columnist for Time magazine.
There were unforgettably vivid moments: the young pilot Bush splashing frantically in the waves near the wreckage of his World War II plane, the enigmatic Hart struggling awkwardly to win the acceptance of his only son, who recoiled from political life.
Now that you've racked up some Michelin stars, see how the other half eats.
After her divorce from her first husband, Charles Carson, she moved to New York and worked as a press agent.
Like Mr. Cavett, I believe in the First Amendment too.
Now sometimes Ricky and sometimes Rashid, he decides to maintain two marriages and two households on different continents, with Henna apparently none the wiser.
This would lead one to believe the ON photograph was made before the OFF photograph because the clearing of balls includes balls that were both on the road and at the side of the road.
Books of the “How Longitude or Beer or the Irish or Something Changed Civilization” sort are mostly the work of journalists.
I teach undergraduate design students and am confronted–on a daily basis–with the results of the helicopter parent phenomenon.
The centerpiece of the spa is a Moroccan-style hammam with tiled walls, heated marble beds, whirlpools and steam rooms.
Now the Zune is starting to speak to its family again.
When she committed to studying baking and pastry at the Culinary Institute of America, she modeled only part time.
Then they return to the sea.
But the occasional moment of kindness or sincerity is, more often than not, a pause in the hostilities, and a chance for the filmmaker to set up another painful comic explosion.
Because Mitchell is a private citizen — and not a government prosecutor or investigator — he is not immune to lawsuits.
So perhaps the notion that adoptive parents are ’saving’ a child is fading.
If the blue card project is approved, it would grant high-skilled workers a renewable right to work and live anywhere in the European bloc, with permanent residence given automatically after five consecutive years.
My tickets are way up in the nosebleed seats, but what the hey - I feel lucky to have them.
The media and its performers, like Imus, have made a lot of money pandering to our lowest interests (look at Imus, the reality shows, etc.).
I have a greater responsibility than you can possibly fathom.
To do that, they created a courtyard, eight by eight feet, open to the elements and accessible from the kitchen through sliding glass doors.
But when the same generation of eggs was exposed to bacteria from a later period, the infection rate declined.
I never expected to vote for a woman because she is a woman.
He won a talent contest there at 15 and was soon working regularly on the city’s thriving Central Avenue nightclub circuit.
Buddhism seems just a better way of life than worshiping some ficticious Gods.
History according to Krugman goes something like this: the nation suffered through a “Long Gilded Age” of let-’er-rip, dog-eat-dog capitalism until the New Deal created a new social order characterized by income-leveling taxes, job security, strong labor unions, a prosperous middle class, bipartisan solidarity and general social bliss.
“The Abstinence Teacher” kicks off when Ruth Ramsey, a sex-education teacher and divorced mother of two young daughters, makes an offhand remark to her students about oral sex that draws the ire of local evangelical church members.
The major loophole involves still giving extra mileage credits for flexible-fuel vehicles.
So if they were willing to mislead investors by inaugurating a bogus buyback program, it is probable that they will have also used discretionary accruals aggressively.
Distributing storage and processing cycles without regard for power issues is not just inefficient, it's dangerous, he said.
He took a desolate picture of a countryside pitted with holes, and a ditch full of cannonballs, many of which had been removed for recycling.
The studio, meanwhile, has had a run of two years with only two hits, “Rush Hour 3” and “Hairspray.”
They’re much more of a consumer-oriented business, and they know they can’t compete at the enterprise level, so why dedicate the resources (and sacrifice their margins) to corporations that don’t want to pay the premium price Apple products command for systems that aren’t truly enterprise-capable?
Student have fewer options for activities and are told to keep moving.
Google must face a Wisconsin company’s lawsuit over a toolbar feature that generates Web links from search data, a federal appeals court decided in a ruling posted on Wednesday.
It’s hard to imagine them playing Evans’s late work with much enthusiasm, and hearing it delivered halfheartedly would be worse than not hearing it at all.
We are old hands at ignoring sidewalk commentary.
Pelfrey entered 0-2 with a 7.84 ERA in two starts against Houston. ...
Anyone who grew up with tv and has reached midlife or beyond ought to completely eschew television.
If you go to Bellport, you’ll be rooting for them big time.
Kalisha Keane scored 18 points and Allyssa DeHaan and Davidson chipped in 15 points apiece for Michigan State (5-1), which has won its past three games.
More information: prospectpark.org.
The house isn’t the only thing that has required maintenance.
It is Sinatra who sings the very first note of “New York, New York” out of tune; one would have thought the singer, vaunted for his taste, would have demanded a second take then and there.
For the quarter ended Dec.
But the L.A. Philharmonic has a history of hiring dynamic young music directors (Salonen was 34 when he began there, and Zubin Mehta was only 26), so you could say that taking risks is part of its tradition.
Have some faith in the intelligence of our children, that a thoughtful few might put that moment to good use.
And as before, you can open, edit and create Microsoft Word and Excel documents right on the phone.
When her mother came home a few minutes later, Nyishia said, she told her what had happened.
Based on answers to relationship tests, the couples doing new things showed far more improvement in the quality of their marriage after 10 weeks than couples who did the same things every week.
The complaint also says that after booksellers responded to “If I Did It” “with fervor and huge orders,” Ms. Friedman discussed increasing the print run, a suggestion that Ms. Regan resisted because she first wanted to be able to measure public reaction.
According to court documents, the authorities had recovered several e-mail messages and letters in which Ms. Peterson and the boy professed affection for each other.
Sugar and rum, of course, have roots that reach into slavery, and we went to the Museo de Nuestra Raíz Africana (Museum of Our African Roots) and the West African roots room of the Museo des las Américas, which are both worthwhile.
She had not been in Washington since September, when she was hospitalized with a leg infection.
It’s a big group, headed by John Mahoney and Dianne Wiest and including Dan’s three girls, a bunch of other kids and some fine grown-up actors like Amy Ryan and Norbert Leo Butz in too-small roles.
Not only that, I’m sure you’re aware that there’s a stark difference in the objects that are visible in the two pictures.
Please note that the advocacy effort against the “Ransom Notes” ads was initiated and led by the efforts of people *on the autism spectrum*, with assistance from members of disability rights groups, ADHD groups, concerned parents, friends, and others, but largely organized and spearheaded by autistic adults.
Now it’s really two separate places, the luxury waterfront development called the Harbors, and the dog-eared little town where Hispanic women peer from downtown apartment windows above the storefronts.
There are recipes here, but many people won’t need them.
An annoyance in addition to the deafening commotion is the presentation of that piccolini card apart from the rest of the menu, so that you can’t evaluate your interest in these snacks, which take on a compulsory air, before you’ve seen your other options.
So did Barry Diller, who, like Microsoft, is trying to profit from the ideas of others.
It took Mr. Klein and his staff several years to put together the report card system, which entailed hundreds of conversations with principals, statisticians, labor leaders, testing experts and scholars.
They had gone to intercept Alberto R. Gonzales, then the White House counsel, and Andrew Card, then the White House chief of staff, who they learned were trying to get Mr. Ashcroft to approve an extension of the wiretapping program.
The committee’s chairman, Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he was formally rejecting White House claims that the subpoenaed officials, including President Bush’s chief of staff, Joshua B. Bolten, were protected by executive privilege from being compelled to cooperate with an investigation into whether the prosecutors were fired for political reasons.
On July 1, 1972, when the New York State Athletic Commission lifted a ban on women’s wrestling, she was the featured attraction at Madison Square Garden.
Stu Loeser, a spokesman for the mayor, confirmed the meeting.
After that, the system pretty much runs itself, although there are occasional mishaps.
There is plenty of evidence, both anecdotal and statistical, that workers save more for retirement when much of the decision-making is taken out of their hands.
It’s not clear, however, that anyone should change their portfolios because of them.
Boxing obsessed him and inspired some of his best writing.
Most top teams finance themselves either through enormous television contracts or the investment of billionaire owners.
Does anyone else remember this or are my gray cells playing tricks on me?
I feel your pain.
Also released was a “food protection plan” that addressed how the F.D.A. oversees both domestic and foreign suppliers, focusing resources on areas where contamination is most likely to occur.
I sliced a thick Pugliese loaf, but you could use a domed loaf, a sandwich loaf, or even flat oblong rolls (ciabatta, sometimes called panini bread).
12 — Deepening his ties to Silicon Valley, former Vice President Al Gore said on Monday that he had become a partner in the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.
Therefore, my conclusion is that the author, in the search for metaphors, color, and contemporary significance (meaningless war that stretches on forever, does this remind you of anything?), has adopted a simplistic point of view concerning the history of the period.
Wambach has scored 77 goals in 96 international matches, more than 40 percent on headers.
COMMON SPACES: The kitchen, dining room and living room are open to one another.
As befits its title, “Things We Want” includes lyrical catalogs of its characters’ desiderata (which lean toward preciousness) as well as the tools used to achieve and subvert them.
It fronts the cactus-studded Ethnobotanical Garden and is housed in the stately former convent of the Santo Domingo Church, a 16th-century Baroque structure with swirls of gilded detailing.
If D.J.’s aren’t your thing, head next door to the Five O’Clock Club (1930 Hillview Street, 941-366-5555; www.5oclockclub.net), a rocking dive bar that’s been showcasing live music since 1955.
The problem with some of these systems is that to avoid the danger of texting while driving, users have to do something that is still a distraction: make a phone call.
I am on your side with the iniquities of this war but really, cool off and start having some feelings.
The architects suggested carving what they described as an “eco-friendly” hall from limestone under the back lawn.
For all the whip-cracking bravura of this number, the musical’s emotional climax is provided not by any of the delegates but by the bedraggled, anonymous soldier, played by Christopher Michael Kauffmann, who regularly trudges onstage to deliver glum dispatches from George Washington on the progress of the fight against the British.
19 — President Bush imposed a new round of financial sanctions against Myanmar today, targeting eleven additional members of the military-run government responsible for a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators.
James Traub, the author of “The Best of Intentions”; Rachel Donadio on Helen Vendler.
There were authors, “personalities,” notable achievers, politicians and pundits of every stripe.
Howard, 68, in power for 11 years but lagging well behind youthful Labor leader Kevin Rudd in opinion surveys, said only he was able to lead Australia into the future and continue the country's current resource-driven economic boom.
Serves 4 to 6 as meze.
The participants in the conference noted that global emissions of greenhouse gases were already moving above the upper limits predicted by many climate models.
Cacique (pronounced ka-SEE-kay) will be the first resort to break ground since President Óscar Arias declared Costa Rica a carbon-neutral country in June; the goal is for the country to emit no net greenhouse gases by 2021.
If Fenton took the [OFF] first then had balls placed on the road, where did those balls on the road come from?
But after she led each caller through the litany of details, most said they would consult a lawyer, and she never heard from them again.
But it’s hard to ignore the fact that the Iraq war has added tens of billions to their coffers.
There were people saying that they faked it.
In the aftermath of the strike, Chávez fired 18,000 of Pdvsa’s 46,000 workers — the vast majority of them were managers and professionals, many of whom have since gone to work in Calgary, Houston or Riyadh.
Biltmore Theater, 261 West 47th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Well, for one thing, the claims about rising ocean levels doesn’t resonate with those not geographically challenged by lapping waves.
She was 80.
The warning, the bluntest yet given by Britain, came in Mr. Brown’s speech at the Lord Mayor’s banquet, an annual event that British prime ministers traditionally use for major foreign policy addresses.
She helped make the senator and he did much the same for her in turn.
No, they don’t make you more violent, talkative, or evince any other symptoms of speed usage, IF you need them for medical purposes.
In all likelihood, I got lucky that morning.
He was accused of directing accounting practices that artificially bolstered A.I.G.’s earnings.
Healthcare, out sourcing/offshoring of jobs, protection of our Constitution, the quagmire of the Iraq war, social security, the Palestinian/Israeli conflict, hurricane Katrina and I can go on and on.
His lawyers, countryman Kar Savuth and Francois Roux of France, argued that he should be released because his human rights had been violated during the eight years he already spent in a Cambodian military prison on war crimes charges before being transferred to the tribunal's custody in July.
On the down side he was often grouchy (with many physical disabilities), demanding and very opinionated.
The rallying cry when thinking about Seaver, Jones, and McGraw in ‘69, then Carter, Hernandez, and Gooden in ‘86, has always been Tug’s coined phrase “Ya Gotta Believe!”
Several of Holland America’s South America voyages include Antarctic journeys that tend to attract the line’s veteran cruisers, said Erik Elvejord, a spokesman for Holland America.
To make a long story shorter, he was a very sweet man.
Herbert Muschamp, a writer for The New York Times whose wildly ranging, often deeply personal reviews made him one of the most influential architecture critics of his generation, died last night in Manhattan.
By the projected words you are also quickly made aware of water’s power to flow beyond national boundaries.
The Huskers struggled as their defense posted some of the nation's worst statistics and their offense fell flat in the biggest games, leading to a five-game losing streak.
“I will hopefully turn this around quite quickly after that,” he told the lawyers.
Your story helps me get to get a glimpse through my moms eyes.
On the other hand, some weary job candidates are heartened to find that they receive glowing reports, Ms. Allison said.
(NYSE:UPS) , EU officials said.
Tens of thousands of people have been pushed in that direction since the 1990s when Congress passed a law that barred even minor drug offenders from receiving federal education aid.
The American team is in good form.
Still it is up to you what you believe and I respect that but I do feel really really sorry for you that you are still being fooled, really sorry for you, you poor poor thing.
So we have a well recognized candidate that presents well but is short on substance.
I’m curious, after Fenton’s return from the Crimea, which photograph did he show?
Republicans also intend to highlight earmarks to show the bills contain wasteful spending.
It’s a powerful moment, a revealing combination of performance, stagecraft and text.
The 12 pension funds -- including the nation's largest, the California Public Employees' Retirement System -- together own more than $300 billion worth of stock in U.S. companies.
Officials and advocacy groups also questioned whether the city’s plan would send enough money to so-called high-needs schools, which typically have larger populations of non-English-speaking, low-income or disabled students.
Tolstoy had returned the day before from a trip to the Crimea with a friend, L.D. Urusov.
Prayer candles with pictures of saints or claiming to bring love, luck or money are distributed primarily through grocery and discount stores including Wal-Mart and Dollar Stores.
In OFF the hill’s considerably brighter.
George Osmond married his wife, Olive, on Dec.
The five writers of Home Fires are inviting questions from readers this week.
Hence, you get neither top-down nor bottom-up political will to do what it necessary.
Just three steep city blocks from the always-bustling Church Street Marketplace — a pedestrian mall developed in 1981 and frequented by residents, visitors and students from the nearby University of Vermont — the waterfront lay neglected.
As Claire Wilson noted in The Times last month, luxury retailers like Hermès, Thomas Pink and BMW have been drawn to Lower Manhattan by the rich residents who have clustered there, supporting a rebound for the neighborhood that few could have predicted after the turmoil of the 9/11 attack.
Board members in Foster Care agencies need to take their roles seriously and understand they are representing the most troubled and damaged families and not be just yes men and women.
At the church, they stared wide-eyed at stained-glass windows.
So he took on a small, independent film “that I thought wouldn’t get much attention,” he said with a laugh.
He was fifth on the team in tackles and fourth in sacks, with four and a half.
The parade, the pie fight and the Olympics are meant to be fun, but they are also intended to draw an audience for more serious offerings, said Audrey Crabtree, one of the festival’s five founders and directors.
“My shingles case began with the periodic sensation that bugs were crawling in my hair.
In part because Rincon Point property is so valuable — a beachfront cottage considered a “tear down” by at least one agent is now listed for $4.4 million — most residents can afford to pay, either up front or over 30 years.
Did you know that boxes of early machine-made toothpicks were labeled with “a caveat about imitators” to prevent consumers from falling prey to 19th-century gray-market toothpicks?
Not so with political assassins, in the United States at least: they frequently wind up in custody, and live to hear their names on the lips of a shocked nation.
The prices set on the Chinese exchanges, still largely isolated from the rest of the world by regulatory barriers that limit the amount of foreign money going into the stock markets and domestic money permitted to go out, bear little relation to company performance or to markets elsewhere.
Perhaps the most eye-catching argument from the president is that the vetoed bill would have allowed S-chip to cover children in families earning $83,000 a year.
But Evan Maloney and his supporters assume that students are ignorant, rudderless ships preyed upon by demogogues.
There’s a lot of hard plastic, and the cloth on the seats seems to have been inspired by the bargain-rack towels at Wal-Mart.
Have you considred something similar on LinkedIn?
Although GTech’s services would have cost the state more, it won the contract.
While no large-scale protests have emerged since the emergency was declared, the apparent collapse over the last week of American-backed talks to create a power-sharing deal between Ms. Bhutto and General Musharraf could lead to more street confrontations, diplomats said.
But he has been vulnerable over the last month, falling twice to David Nalbandian, first in Madrid, then again in the third round at Paris.
Practices we would or should now deplore were commonplace — heck, the British staged Boer War and WW I “battles” outside London to get good film footage for the newly popular cinema.
“Come on!
The menu of smoked fish, salads and delicatessen meats sold here does not stray from the tried and true, and is much the same as at Murray's Bagels in Chelsea, which like Zucker's is owned by Matt Pomerantz.
Take an online survey to measure how much of a procrastinator you are.
For CBS, Mr. Kuney was an early producer of “Look Up and Live,” the long-running Sunday-morning anthology program, begun in the 1950s, that explored religious subjects through song, drama and dance.
For this article, The New York Times analyzed trends at nursing homes purchased by private investment groups by examining data available from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services.
Some of these products are directly marketed for toddlers and other children under 6.
It struck me then, as now, as emblematic of something seriously askew in a clash of American media cultures.
They are exchanged upon marriage and handed out as prized gifts.
The Federal Office of Research Integrity has said that in 1990, less than 3 percent of allegations of fraud they investigated involved contested images.
When transportation experts take into account issues like traffic and congestion pricing, opinions may vary. taking questions Mary Brosnahan and Patrick Markee of the Coalition for the Homeless answered City Room readers’ questions from Oct.
When the jury returned, Ms. Nicolazzi stood.
Before being elected as the association’s first openly gay president, Mr. Morgan had been its treasurer for six years.
I thank the NYT for writing this piece and note it as one of the few pieces of mainstream media coverage for this issue and for Ron Paul.
The one that enters — and this may argue for the idea that Fenton posed the scene — appears in a prominent position in the foreground.
Delaware Housing, $125 million of single family mortgage revenue bonds.
But a better one would have been Hot Rod: this Alex Rodriguez, 17, recently worked with a Nissan designer to create a car.
Well, not exactly.
So they should pick items that they would enjoy or that make them more secure.
“Chronicle of an Escape” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian) for brutality, torture, nudity and language.
It would be a pity to actually read it.
Of course, I may not be permanently cured of depression.
After moving though the area in large groups last summer, the Taliban now operate in bands of no more than 20.
More information: madmuseum.org.
It is better to have competed and won (Marlins) than not to have competed at all (Rays).
But experience makes me extremely cautious and skeptical.
NetBank had reached a deal to sell its deposit accounts and other assets to privately held EverBank of Jacksonville, Fla., but EverBank announced this month that the deal had fallen through.
It upended the complacent assumptions of postwar liberalism and ushered in the rise of the radical left by corroding faith in American government and values.
In the afternoon, Tony Blair, the special representative of the so-called international Quartet for Middle East peace, held a news conference in Jerusalem with the Palestinian prime minister, Salam Fayyad, and the Israeli defense minister, Ehud Barak, to announce what Mr. Blair called the “green-lighting” of four development projects meant to create jobs for Palestinians and boost the Palestinian economy.
Somebody ought to fix Roger Fenton’s wikipedia entry to reflect the uncertainty.
Ms. Mendoza, who scored her first big hit, “Mal Hombre,” in the 1930s, became one of the first Mexican-American superstars by singing to the poor and downtrodden.
WASHINGTON, Nov.
Both he and I were disposed to follow the path of "wisdom" as Kant described it: "It is wisdom that has the merit of selecting, from among innumerable problems that present themselves, those whose solution is important to humankind."
Spellings says that the federal role in higher education will be limited to getting out the facts, though she emphasized to me that if she “were the governor of a state, I might want to do something with that information.”
Anyone who wanted to participate had to be willing to accept a “Christian based” program.
In the last two decades the younger Mr. Capra was known for helping to make North Carolina into an important center for film, television and commercial production.
The truth, too shameful to admit, was that in 1995, at age 24, I bought an apartment in a neighborhood that I and everyone I knew considered bland, conformist and kind of a bore.
Can you be here in January for the surgery?”
Visa will pay American Express $945 million now and an additional payment by the end of next March, its statement said.
The November employment index slipped to 47.8 from 52.0, to mark its lowest reading since September 2003.
In her memoir, she described what life as a young woman at Harvard felt like.
Dick seemed hip without being a hippy and the only times I missed his show happened while staying in a college dorm room with no television.
At the funeral, a federal clerk showed up holding the papers that made Mora an American citizen.
To have the Fire Department inspect the complex, which was completed in 1952, took finesse.
If our souls are immortal, than how can we possibly judge what suffering is in this short life?
Maybe it’s silly to fault cartoons for biological inaccuracies when the insects are already talking like Chris Rock and wearing Phyllis Diller hats.
Half an hour into the party, there was a ripple of excitement, and people started murmuring and pointing toward the door.
She had been living without a lease since March and wanted something cheaper to heat and cool.
Evening had approached, but this was training camp, where monotony has no limits and there was plenty more work ahead.
Mr. Hall’s fear was realized in March 2007, when he learned the cancer had returned and spread to his liver.
The greengrocers at Souk al-Ajanib knew me.
Under Spanish law the maximum prison sentence is in practice 40 years.
Residents are given access to a private roof garden, along with a membership to the Massachusetts Horticultural Society.
This one is lorded over by a massive, mustard-yellow cathedral that shines bright in the afternoon sun.
I applaud your manner of thinking, it fits right in with my own.
What’s important is what they will say next time.
They complain about tariffs and taxes levied by foreign governments.
No thanks.
Wood paneling lines the cocktail lounge.
The tragic side of extreme parental involvement.
The visit from the Staten Island delegation caused a major buzz in this small town roughly 21 miles south of Pisa that is known for its hoot owls.
It has been scarce since then, but on Sunday afternoon Lillian Groag’s ultramodern staging returned to the repertory.
‘CYMBELINE’ In previews; opens on Dec.
8 — The F.B.I. cast a much wider net in its terrorism investigations than it has previously acknowledged by relying on telecommunications companies to analyze phone-call and e-mail patterns of the associates of Americans who had come under suspicion, according to newly obtained bureau records.
The public officials in question might be right or wrong about the advisability or legality of what they are doing, but it is their responsibility, not the company’s, to deal with the consequences if they are wrong.
The lost art of pantomime seems to be making a comeback on the Internet.
“That’s not true.
As Mr. Farrell, a 19-year-old Rowan University sophomore, walked to a convenience store the night of Saturday, Oct.
And it is does nothing for the victims of predatory lending.
It is a sign of the seriousness of Mr. Bush’s intent to repair relations that have threatened to rupture over a nuclear arms treaty, another treaty restricting conventional forces in Europe and a new missile defense system meant to guard against a possible Iranian ballistic missile attack.
That revised plan, submitted last week to the Financial Control Board, which oversees the city’s finances, anticipates that labor costs, rather than declining revenue, will become the driving force in widening deficits over the next four years.
He came to the Giants as a free agent in 2005 with the reputation of being fragile and occasionally misguided.
THERE remains much to like about French haute cuisine, especially the innovations of the ’70s and ’80s, the period of so-called nouvelle cuisine, when old-fashioned sauces based on slow-cooking stocks and glazes were set aside in favor of those based on fast reductions.
Soybeans rose to the highest price since 1973, when Russia began an import program that created a new source of demand for soybeans from the United States.
Ms. Barahona, 26, cradles her newest girl, Alexandra Barahona, born Nov.
By Sunday, the group had grown to more than 1.13 million, making it easily the fastest-growing political group in Facebook’s four-year history.
To quickly leach the oleuropein out of olives, commercial producers use lye, which “ripens” the olive artificially, and neutralizes its bitterness.
I said something stupid like, “Hang in there,” and then put my left fist up to the glass.
Such a provision had not been included in an earlier Senate-passed version of the bill but was added to the final version by congressional negotiators.
The model works just as well in Berlin, as the KNM Berlin, an 11-member ensemble founded in the late 1980s by students from the Hanns Eisler College of Music there, proves.
“We cannot sign another contract that retains these provisions,” Richard Frankel, a producer and general manager, said on Saturday.
It helps that the sense of movement is not strictly cyclical, but accounts for the natural interruption of retinal overload.
The attack Thursday in Rawalpindi is the latest blow to Pakistan’s treacherous political situation.
SKI season has barely begun, but now is the time to scope out deals and cost-saving packages.
They may be on the first floor and have no view.
He is a guy with no ability to build relationships that are now, more than ever, needed in dealing with a volatile world.
The author neglects the very finest in Ted Williams.
Watching the Disney Channel certainly couldn’t be any more damaging then spending the equivalent amount of time talking to me.
The dancing began with a company premiere (“Firebird,” by the late Maurice Béjart) and ended with a performance of “Revelations,” Ailey’s best-loved work, which featured sensationally good live musical accompaniment.
Buses, which sell tickets onboard ($5.80 to Manhattan), stop about every hour.
What's astonishing when you travel to these battlegrounds is how much remains on, or just below, the surface and how few people there are looking for it.
Why not use your columns to do profiles on leading individuals in politics and the arts, such as Ken Tynan used to do, with your own special insight into what makes them tick.
Mr. Radulovich was a consultant for the film and appeared in original clips from the program.
Some local airline companies operating in Congo flew during back-to-back wars that lasted from 1996 to 2002, when regulations and government controls in the region were even weaker than today.
To Life for Death & Co.
So I challenge those who hate medications and the concept of giving them to children to fund research on alternatives to medications, but play by the rules.
It is of course impossible to capture the horror of war in a single image or single letter.
“Penguin Books has also undertaken not to repeat these allegations and to seek the return of all unsold copies of the book,” the statement said.
“Vonage was put on notice,” and similar services are likely to review their technology to make sure they are not infringing on the carriers’ patents, Mr. Entner said.
The dress worn by Picasso’s mistress, Paquerette.
In 2003 Bhutan’s best-known filmmaker, Khyentse Norbu, made the country’s first celluloid film, “Travelers and Magicians.”
Squirming is inhibited by a zigzag pattern molded into the facing walls of the sipes to lock them together.
The unit, Mr. Weisberg wrote, “will also allow us to seek discipline where appropriate in a wider range of cases than before.”
The name, a Hausa commandment, means “straighten your rows,” a reference to the razor-sharp lines formed by Muslims as they line up to pray five times a day and a metaphor for the orderliness required in everyday life by the Koran.
“I write a sentence and then I turn it around,” Lonoff once said.
That’s the way it goes in capitalist America.
In Dora, residents were from all over.
The Brazilian field, known as Tupi, now has the potential to lend more weight to Brazil’s more moderate, leftist approach.
John Lennon vs. Tricky Dickie…Elvis and The President…you, testifying as to the character of that pillar of citizenship, John Lennon.
Indeed, the number of nonstop flights between the United States and the Caribbean jumped about 9 percent to 120,595 this year, from 110,931 five years ago, according to OAG Back Aviation Solutions, an industry consulting firm.
Presumably Imus is being returned to express the same viewpoints or those even more blatantly offensive for even more money.
“The idea that their weapons are weapons of resistance” against Israel “dissolved,” he said, when they turned them against the pro-Fatah forces in Gaza.
Owners of larger free-standing homes in the $2.8-million-to-$3.5-million range are becoming more open to negotiation, said Peggy Aguayo, an owner of the Aguayo & Huebener Realty Group in Park Slope, and buyers can try to knock 4 to 5 percent off the purchase price.
Matsuzaka had to be perfect, at every point, to live up to his mystique; falling short not only punctures that mystique, it makes one wonder if it ever existed at all.
I take it with me everywhere.
While the female victim’s sentence ignited a storm of criticism in the West, liberal Westerners who are more interested in identity politics than justice were utterly indifferent toward the Saudi judge’s punishment of the male rape victim.
Under the agreement, software developers must now pay only a one-time fee of 10,000 euros, or $14,300, to gain access to Microsoft’s communications protocols, which specify how to exchange data between Windows and rival products.
We're sorry, but we are temporarily experiencing an authorization server error.
I believe that God can be defined as that which inspires morality based on beneficence and that which helps us deal with the suffering and the evils of the world in the most constructive way.
Alltel, which agreed in May to be bought for about $25 billion, said revenue increased to $2.28 billion from $2.01 billion in the same quarter a year ago.
Dealers reinforce those choices by only stocking the sure sellers.
Andrey Boreyko, Hélène Grimaud and the New York Philharmonic repeat this program on Saturday at Avery Fisher Hall; (212) 721-6500, nyphil.org.
The High Line, the derelict elevated train track being transformed into a park on the West Side, was briefly open to the public this weekend.
At stake is more than a piece of the overall gaming pie, which was a small part of Nokia’s annual revenue of $54 billion last year.
ONE of the bigger hurdles in producing “Holly,” a drama about sex trafficking, was finding a Vietnamese girl to play the title character, a 12-year-old sold into the notorious Cambodian brothel town known as K11.
Scientists are encouraging farmers to keep planting their traditional crops.
Sadly, neither situation applies to me, though this year in particular I feel that sadness replaced with relief as we venture into a season geared toward more stuff and pressured buying, buying, buying with money no one really has, except perhaps the top 2% of this nation.
Across the south, the term “Taliban” now encompasses a shifting array of tribes, groups, criminals, opportunists and people discontented with the government.
God help our country.
The one and only one to blame (if there is blame to go around) is Noah.
Consumer electronics sales over the week of Thanksgiving increased by just 6 percent, half the increase of last year.
A Facebook vice president addresses the company’s privacy dustup, and outlines a few changes to its controversial Beacon program.
At first, I simply couldn’t drink it.
Another man who declined to give his name, but who said he works with Kinetix Integrated Communications, a marketing and promotions company on the sixth floor, was in the building at the time of the shooting, celebrating an employee’s birthday.
Opposition party members, lawyers, judges, human rights advocates and journalists have been rounded up by the police without charge.
13 to Nov.
The number of unsold homes is skyrocketing, creating bloated inventories that builders are trying to unload.
Robert Stone, the author of "Prime Green"; Allan Sloan on P. J. O'Rourke; Dave Itzkoff on Michael Crichton.
My immediate reaction was that Bollinger was playing into the hands of Iran.
Steeped though Ross is in Theodor Adorno and Thomas Mann, his own style is mercifully free of the “implacable imperative of density” commended by the critic-devil in Mann’s “Doctor Faustus” (a novel that provides a framing parable for the book’s early sections).
Sad she left 3 children, unfortunate she “lost it” in the airport.
The spray paints and markers, he said, were collectors’ items from the 1960s and 1970s that would each sell for $60 to $100 on eBay.
1, 1943.
They’re undercooked, with a uniformly flabby texture and minimal flavor.
Judge Sue L. Robinson refused to throw out a jury verdict that the Cypher, made by the Johnson & Johnson subsidiary Cordis, infringed on a Boston Scientific patent covering drug coatings.
Striking 17-inch 5-spoke wheels are standard; 18-inch rims are an option on Sport models.
And I want to add something to this discussion that I don’t hear coming through.
Intending to teach, Mr. Bluestone graduated from City College in 1937 with a degree in German literature.
Jennifer Senior on books about Hillary Rodham Clinton; David Margolick on “1967,” by Tom Segev; Julie Just on children’s books.
Arriving at the University of North Carolina law school in 1974, Johnny Edwards had all the upbeat confidence of a small-town football star.
“This kind of thing is dangerous,” countered Seth Muraskin, the executive director of the N.Y.C.L.U.’s Suffolk office.
Of course, many of those who would have punished him in 1864 were, by then, Confederates, who would not be voting in the Union elections.
After living in northern Italy for two years, and talking to many Italian friends, I see that the coddling and living-at-home-until-you’re-35 norm, as well as paying your adult children’s taxes and giving newlyweds an apartment close to Mama, results in a lack of boundaries.
Can patients have too much information?
How is she considered to be a strong woman when she is using these tactics?
I feel it’s my responsibility as a parent to prepare my children to be adults, and that adulthood begins at puberty.
After completing his master of fine arts degree in 1965, he returned to Xavier to teach.
The bill had a narrow aim, to close a loophole in the 1978 law on electronic spying that was created by new technology.
I definitely feel more self-conscious, self-aware than I used to.
So if the album feels disjointed, even jumbled, that’s only natural; check the diagnosis.
Christ the King is among 30 high schools in 19 cities run by the Cristo Rey Network.
But before the car reaches showrooms it faces some tough road tests, and even when it does arrive, it probably will not replace existing hybrid designs entirely.
“The professors and the people that we all did the building for are sending me e-mails dumbfounded that their institution is doing this,” he said.
Miaya piggybacked Marissa, both plugging their noses midair before the splash.
So, my advice is to just leave your TV as it is, and go outside, read a book, watch a movie, or talk to a friend.
I also support Congress’s efforts to pass additional measures that would explicitly ban this and other forms of torture.
That win included a 42-1 Tech run.
The hatchlings will spend years here before being released into the wild.
To frame the question as “do you agree with Will Okun or with Bob Herbert?” sets up a false dichotomy.
And the World Bank now sometimes supports the temporary use of subsidies aimed at the poor and carried out in a way that fosters private markets.
The GT-R, redesigned for the first time in five years, goes on sale in Japan in December and for the first time in the United States and Europe next summer.
The brush, available at soladey-usa.com, relies on a property of titanium dioxide.
“L.L. (getting a word in edgeways): Why?
But buying a furnished home isn’t as simple as tacking extra dollars onto the purchase price.
Then there is the matter of Ms. Alsop’s personal background.
Q. How much market share have you gained in the last 5 to 10 years?
Residents said that drug trafficking is a problem in the neighborhood, and they speculated that it may have been connected to the shooting.
30, the Senate president, Donald E. Williams Jr., a Democrat of Brooklyn, Conn., said, “What Senator DeLuca did was wrong.”
As the mother of a Peruvian daughter I sometimes fail to remember how blessed we were to have adopted at a time when many of the children in Peru lived with foster parents not in orphanages.
The campaign involves internal teams at CBS, part of the CBS Corporation, and the Cadillac division of the General Motors Corporation.
Around the same time, he began his career as a critic, writing for magazines like Vogue, House and Garden and Art Forum.
To those individuals who would like to blame the US for the troubles in Africa; Make up your minds.
Free Press. $28.
Elsewhere there are dune-skirted beaches, or sloping forests of evergreens that go all the way to the water's edge.
1 — Unions representing 12,000 screenwriters asked members on Monday to authorize a strike at any time after their contract expires at the end of this month.
On her first paper, in English composition, she got a B-plus, and on her second she got an A-minus.
One ounce of refined sugar equals a pound of raw.
27, it received 13 percent of visits to TV show Web sites run by six broadcast networks, according to Hit-wise, an online measurement company.
I noted a similar bland bombast infecting several other performances in both plays.
But the company has steadfastly rejected making any drastic changes to its corporate structure.
As for Nixon…I hope his Quaker upbringing and training as a lawyer evntually shattered his arrogance and dirty-tricks mentality, forcing him to acknowledge and regret his crimes and shortcomings.
How demeaning, I thought, that kids should be taped like this as they painfully experienced themselves being looked at for their value as adoptable children; these children had lost their parents to AIDS and other diseases or plain misfortune.
CITY OF BROTHERLY LOVE Terrell Owens said he expected nothing but affection from Philadelphia fans Sunday night.
But detecting rocky planets like Earth is probably beyond the current technology and must await future space-based missions, the astronomers admit.
“If it has been a long time since you have loved a book, they can hear it in your voice,” he said.
Dana once recalled that he played for about $100 a game with the Yankees.
Rather than inveighing against the Web’s hit-and-run informational ethos, Mr. Dennis has rendered it corporeal, producing a 42-page primer on the week that was, without getting bogged down in, or even acknowledging, the details.
“We had solved most of the problems,” he said.
That’s the movie I was making in my head as the colors and shapes, and the strings of words were arranged and rearranged from shot to shot, scene to scene.
I would greatly appreciate it if you would come across as less pretentious.
He is also including free upgrades: a fireplace, expensive appliances, granite counters in the kitchen and full basements.
(The International Window Film Association’s state law chart is at iwfa.com/industry.htm.
Not for nothing does one of Mr. Haynes’s stories take place in a town called Riddle.
Even if human cloning becomes safe, there may never be much demand for it, because most people will prefer having children the old-fashioned way.
Three straight Kentucky runs put Seiber in range to win, but his 35-yard attempt was blocked by Dan Williams.
College, with cable television, was at first a revelation, then annoying, finally an extreme annoyance when I lived next door to the tv lounge.
He eventually began working for the state government, where he became friends with Pete Wilson, a young Republican legislator.
For next year, the administration wants nearly $11 billion, including a down payment on a $300 million effort known as the Space Test Bed.
It’s a combination of both.
We may be present at the birth of a gleeful burst of exuberance in campaign coverage.
For snow in its most romantic guise, “The Annotated Hans Christian Andersen” delivers in spectacular fashion.
What you hear — some of the finest stage music of the past 40 years — is equally infernal, except that you might just as well call it heavenly.
I turned to smart thinkers in the realm of life/work — individuals who have done a lot to advance the conversation this last year.
It does not make sense that a scattered few would have been removed from the trench, and the theory is not necessary to explain the order of the photos.
The special prosecutor had been appointed to look into allegations that the newspaper had violated the law in publishing the home address of Maricopa Sheriff Joe Arpaio’s home address on its website more than three years ago.
GM sets up a new division to redefine the business of making cars.
Meanwhile, Brig. Gen. Raid Shaker, commander of Karbala police, said that 10 policemen were killed and 20 were wounded in last week's Karbala clashes.
Each child has a unique set of likes and dislikes that Ms. Satter believes are genetically determined.
BUCKS 102, GRIZZLIES 99 Desmond Mason hit a 14-foot jumper with 13.6 seconds left, and Memphis’s Pau Gasol missed a tying 3-pointer, lifting host Milwaukee.
At the dawn of the modern era, about half a million provincial tradesmen and -women regularly trekked across the country for weeks, often on foot, to hawk their wares in more established centers of commerce.
It is well known that the Victorian poet Alfred Tennyson penned a poem called “The Charge of the Light Brigade” right after reading an article in the London Times written on November 14, 1854, by William Howard Russell, that was titled “The Charge of the Light Brigade”.
There are two main options for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Now the wasteland is America, where, in the wake of nuclear attack, the Bud Light still flows freely (par-tee!), though not the fossil fuel.
Cavett.
He had a team-high 90-yard game against the Falcons, but he mostly became a short-yardage back and a third-stringer.
But those successes can’t fully offset the lack of performance in the rest of the company.
In the suburbs north and east of the city, about 4 of every 10 doctors and more than one-fourth of college professors were foreign-born, the study by the private Fiscal Policy Institute found.
As runners set off at 8 a.m., temperatures were in the 70s — warm for a fall day in Chicago but not unheard of — and organizers said they had anticipated a normal race day.
If Clinton had pointed this out, that real problems usually don’t come with black and white solutions and ticked off just a few examples of the trouble this logic has caused, it would’ve served her instead of hurting her.
In 2006, Roger D. Kornberg was the Nobel chemistry laureate for creating the first pictures of how genes convey messages so that cells can make proteins.
When will the redstate warmongers realize this?
His sparkling wine recommendations were a Marques de Gelida Cava from Spain at $12 a bottle, a Henkel Trocken from Germany at $11.50 a bottle, and a Prosecco Montesel from Italy at $18.50 a bottle.
Obama can say what he likes about Spitzer, he doesn’t have to work with him.
Why should that be funded by the state?
10 at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater, comes with a reported cost of more than $15 million, a batch of Disney projects related to its opening and a question “The Lion King” never had to answer: Can Disney ever do that again?
Dr. Francine sighs.
He apologized after the game.
It’s a paradox of film history that the last great MGM musical was made, not at Louis B. Mayer’s Culver City lot, but across town at Paramount.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, there’s not such thing as absolute secrecy anymore.
Even so, you would never fiddle with the Mona Lisa’s looks, never send her out for a whiter smile and some dermabrasion.
The space station commander, Peggy A. Whitson, and a flight engineer, Daniel M. Tani, performed a 6-hour, 56-minute spacewalk in which they inspected two errant joints that turn the station’s solar power panels.
Mr. Abalos, who was sitting one seat away from Mr. Neri at that hearing, called him a liar.
OFF looks later, if we judge by the light on the cannonballs.
The Theater Development Fund’s TKTS booth (where a half-price ticket to the back row can now cost more than $50, including service charges) is the most prominent, but the organization also offers other ticket discounts to members.
I can order any shows I really like on iTunes, and hey - there is that old tradition of reading a book!
Last year, the Port Authority unveiled a $26 billion capital plan, which over 10 years would expand the region’s airports, ports and rail networks, and help rebuild the World Trade Center.
This is probably true: on a human level the gut will always trump the intellect, alas.
I still don’t know how it is that so many people did not see what was so obvious to my very young, naive and inexperienced self.
The former executive, Robert S. Kaplan, who oversaw Goldman’s investment banking and investment management divisions and now teaches at Harvard Business School, will start as chief executive of Harvard Management Company, which runs the endowment, on Monday, the university said.
I am not sorry or ashamed to have chosen to turn off the toxic influences on modern childhood, and I’m not sorry to have chosen a community that feels the same way.
Simply being able to get in and out of bed easily or to stand up from a chair without assistance can sometimes mean the difference between living independently or needing to go to a nursing home.
Orioles outfielder Jay Gibbons reportedly received six shipments of steroids between October 2003 and July 2005.
One I think is legitimately identified as having ADD like her Dad.
While the admissions office would know the identities of the students admitted by lottery, no one else — not faculty, not employers and not the students themselves — would.
During our week the water was low and the full fall run of fish was late entering the river.
It sits 10 feet off the ground on a noticeably large and solid concrete box, which contains two storage units.
Last September, in a move that extinguished any hope of hot meals returning to coach, the airline removed the rear galleys — including the oven — from its MD-80 aircraft and replaced them with four seats.
McFadden rushed for 206 yards on 32 carries, often taking direct snaps in Arkansas’ Wild Hog formation.
When Hillary voted to let W. use force in Iraq, she didn’t even read the intelligence estimate.
Mr. Moiseyev married the dancer Tamara Zeifert in 1940; she became his choreographic assistant.
Another 20,000 lined the streets to her hotel.
It looks as if he (or soldiers passing by — Hey, mate, you want us to give you a hand?
That styling does seem to borrow liberally from Nissan, Scion and others.
However, Mr. Wellman was unaware that four days before the plea bargain was offered, the Arizona Supreme Court, in a separate case, had rejected the Ninth Circuit’s reasoning and had upheld the Arizona death penalty statute.
That is setting the stage for a holiday shopping season with unexpected winners and losers.
I would think that cannonballs coming to rest would kick up large clods of dirt and scar up the road surface.
But photography as “art”, intending to convey an image, is no different than images on canvas…they reflect what the photographer wants the viewer to see.
The heart wrenching choice to put the interests of their baby first must have been difficult beyond words.
Three or four men in ski masks and dark clothes entered the room after 11 p.m. to rob the players, the police said.
It would be very interesting to know what Fenton did.
I find it depressing that we are still having this discussion in the 21st century.
It’s clear what happened - readers of the NYT didn’t need all this analysis to figure it out.
Once, the government would not permit the Plastics to perform in public at all, much less at the capital’s highbrow showplace.
The barge, which drew about 50,000 visitors this year, left its mooring in Brooklyn yesterday and headed to dry dock in Bayonne, N.J., where it will spend the winter.
After the end of Id, all the festive trappings of Ramadan will come down: the green and white strings of lights on the mosque minarets, the garlanded arches over the major shopping streets, the larger-than-life dioramas portraying virtues like justice and charity at major intersections.
There is on-camera solicitation and off-camera acceptance.
Looking country club chic in his lime green shirt and bee-yellow golf sweater, the 81-year-old comic is not going to hurl any zingers for kicks today; he’d much rather munch on wasabi peas and sip hot tea here in the lobby of a Century City hotel near his home, and talk with his old friend John Landis about the peculiar and pleasurable sight of Joe Torre in a Dodgers uniform.
Alternately sweet and devilish, Mr. Stewart moves us to pity and revulsion, in essence recreating feelings similar to those that might be experienced by someone faced with a disabled person in reality.
A malfunction in the electrical system, possibly a faulty fog sensor, caused it to blast every 10 seconds, some neighbors said, for almost a week — day and night, fog or no fog.
Thank you for this contribution.
They also could determine whether embattled Chief Executive Ed Zander has a chance to stay in the job amid investor calls to oust him because of the company's slump.
RON PAUL speaks the truth.
Robert Taylor, the American sprinter who won gold and silver medals in the 1972 Olympics in Munich after two of his teammates were memorably disqualified because of a scheduling mix-up, died Tuesday in Houston.
White House officials said Mr. Bush’s schedulers took care to see that Mr. Abbas got the same amount of time in the Oval Office as Mr. Olmert.
The old-fashioned bill, which is only marginally better than a similarly retrograde measure approved earlier this year by the House, would perpetuate a system that directs more than half of all farm payments to less than one-tenth of the farms, most of them concentrated in eight states and most of them producers of big row crops like corn, cotton, soybeans, wheat and rice.
Edwards, a redshirt senior, came back for a fifth year so he would have one more shot at a national title that had eluded the Demon Deacons last season when they lost in the semifinals of the College Cup.
Barry Gewen and Rachel Donadio on war books; Julie Just on children’s books.
I now possess the knowledge, of which I will never be rid, that Janet Jackson treated her chronic depression with a coffee enema.
It should be free REASONED speech.
Why not start by a website or something like that?
In the United States, hair, whether Hillary Rodham Clinton’s latest cut or Rudolph W. Giuliani’s eschewing of a comb-over, has often been a distraction for politicians.
She reads the fine print, which, some in the media, fail to do, or just choose to ignore.
That’s Barack Obama.
The musical, which opened on Broadway on May 2, 2005, after a sold-out engagement Off Broadway at Second Stage Theater, will end its run on Jan.
They persuaded 19 elite colleges — including Harvard, Middlebury and Virginia — to let them analyze their admissions records.
The recognized father of the genre was Theodore White, the journalist whose “Making of the President” series took a generation of readers inside the machinery of a modern presidential campaign.
It is sad that the presidents of America’s best universities for the most part merely aspire to be good CEOs and fundraisers, forgetting that a university is not a corporation.
Bank of America said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings dropped 32 percent, badly hurt by a huge spike in consumer credit costs and the poor performance of its investment bank unit that has clamored for Wall Street’s respect.
The shipper he was working with, however, warned that customs agents might cause problems for transporting the odd, and perhaps ominous-looking, artifact.
Which is not entirely a put-down.
Mr. Zetsche said he would consider litigation against other Chinese knockoffs.
But luxury also represents one part of the business that will not succumb to the Web anytime soon.
While they have not yet made their presence felt on a national scale — whiskey takes a lot of time — it’s easy to anticipate their eventually making a mark.
A print meticulously restored from Mr. Burnett’s 16-millimeter, black-and-white negative brought out unseen details and introduced new audiences to this subtly heart-rending, seemingly plotless film.
“For a long time I thought of myself as a regionalist who believed in that idea of fiction set in a specific place,” Mr. Perrotta said, sitting in the backyard of his mustard-colored childhood home in Garwood before the abstinence rally, amid a cluster of flowerpots carefully tended by his 76-year-old mother.
I gave it a couple of more whacks, and the dent all but disappeared.
“You would have had to move some walls and get some very creative lighting in there,” she said.
Her assumption that Fenton’s modifications were intended to increase drama and not at all true to the real situation are wrong, cannon balls are not so discriminating.
The purpose of the talks was to win over enough House Republicans to override the veto promised by the president.
Mr. Bard, for whom the award was named, was a longtime proponent of improving architectural design in New York.
Q I live in a rent-stabilized apartment in Manhattan.
If I feel like this now . . . ”
Mr. McShane, who won a lead actor Golden Globe for the role in 2005, has made a career out of playing the cagiest of cold-blooded men.
I think both photos are authentic no matter which was taken first.
Williams scooted back to New York and the theater after a dispiriting period cranking out screenplays for the likes of Lana Turner, just in time for “The Glass Menagerie” in 1945.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note declined 0.06 percentage point, to 4.56 percent.
But if you’re a habitual skimmer, why should we trust the conclusions you draw about literature?
Or perhaps you already have.
Instead, he spent the better part of 12 months “feeling worthless and stupid” and baffled by what he might do with the remainder of his life.
As for the airlines, which are short on cash, they are only reluctantly offering to trim the number of flights, which could cut revenue.
It is not poetry that lasts but good poems, a critical difference.
The jury began deliberating on Wednesday, and on Friday indicated that it was deadlocked and racked with discord.
''Our safety records both as a company and as a country leave much to be desired,'' said Patrice Motsepe, one of a new breed of black mine owners.
This year’s festival is bigger than the last, offering several one-night-only cabaret performances, a series of lectures and classes and more than 20 productions by individuals and troupes from around the country, as well as from Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Britain.
Kerik was hired despite a lack of a college degree (a requirement for his positions) and fairly clear ties to mob-related business.
Blackmail?
Under Mr. Hurd’s leadership, the business is also growing — H.P. will be the world’s largest technology company this year.
Chrebet was one of the first people to reach out to Coles after a concussion left him doubtful for Sunday’s game against the Washington Redskins.
Plus, few knew he played with a broken left hand down the stretch.
The windows were positioned to maximize water views, she said.
The team — officially named Team America — corralled more than $1 million in sponsor funding over the summer, Taub said, not all of it payable this season.
The couple clearly want Franny’s to be an open-hearted, accessible place, and to that end there’s not a menu item over $17.
They not only knew but they gave me very explicit directions.
Mr. Jha said the Google technology would bring better Internet capabilities to moderately priced phones.
Lynch is a low-key guy who keeps his feelings to himself and maintains a can-do outlook, even when the circumstances are bleak.
Lewis has a knack for speaking truth to power and now freed of the shackles of being the UN’s Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS in Africa, can speak more openly than ever.
Since 1996, cars have been equipped with an onboard diagnostics port, or O.B.D.-II, for access to the emissions codes.
Disagreeing with what he viewed as the opinion’s overreaching legal reasoning, Mr. Comey told colleagues at the department that they would all be “ashamed” when the world eventually learned of it.
I bought my daughters (15 and 22) a book called The Girl’s Guide to Absolutely Everything by Melissa Kirsch.
These examples may sound ludicrious but they happen every day!
Cabrera followed with a liner that deflected off Wakefield's glove for a run-scoring single.
Created by Bob Lowry; Hugh Jackman, John Palermo, Bob Lowry, Paul Telegdy and Peter Bowker, executive producers; Tyler Bensinger, Steve DeKnight, co-executive producers.
Mr. McCain said senior generals had told him “almost unanimously” that the policy was working.
Marbury said he would not change his approach, however.
Anyone who has never seen the staples of the repertory with which Mr. Marceau has toured the United States since 1955 should beat a path” to his performances.
In 1955 it would have been hard enough;in 1855, not nearly to this quality a print if indeed, possible at all.
Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal named Frederick D. McClure as managing partner of the law firm’s office in Washington.
The Galaxy said Thursday that Gullit would be introduced Friday at The Home Depot Center, where they play their home games.
This is just another area to attack Bush.
It helps give poor kids a cognitive boost early on, some research suggests, and it’s what their parents generally look to the classroom to deliver.
I cut down on coffee, but I don’t believe this had much to do with it.
18 — It was a college night out that went horribly awry.
Promotional, educational and entertaining widgets can cover the costs once enough eyeballs are there.
She said it had several “checks and balances” that distinguished it from plans she has opposed.
So it surprises me to hear of Ehrman’s whining moping, that he would never have considered how a monochromatic world would be uninteresting– I would think even those with fear of the dark would realize that eternal daylight instead would be much worse. there is some kind of god, but not a personal god.
Even in Europe's once-comfy north.
And she’ll win.
Dan Wheldon was third.
By yesterday afternoon, almost 700 people had signed it.
From around the state, firefighters arrive at the Concord not for matzo ball soup, but to tramp through its corridors — setting fires and then putting them out — during a training weekend arranged by the New York State Association of Fire Chiefs.
St. Mary’s wants to be an N.C.A.A. tournament team soon, seeing the success of the men’s program at the small college in Moraga, a San Francisco’s East Bay suburb.
I’m a cultured person and recognize that TV is a wasteland, but I can’t count on my fingers and toes the number of times I had to switch off Imus because I became enraged at the racist and sexist claptrap.
Michigan, where the financial year officially begins on Oct.
As a fundamental point, unless we are talking about the government abridging speech, this is not a Constituional matter.
The United States still doesn’t have universal preschool, and, unlike every other industrialized country in the world, there is no law guaranteeing paid leave for new parents.
Anything less should be unacceptable to fans of any team.
The worst case was that Effexor was no more effective than anything else; it certainly was no less effective.
Now the calculations become more complex than I have time, or inclination, to attempt.
Beckett struck out Franklin Gutierrez looking before Casey Blake singled and went to third when Grady Sizemore's bouncer squirted through.
I also note with pleasure at questioning the how the balls to the left would have moved out of their indentions in the earth.
Some schools have set out to place health education on a par with academics.
But how could he have managed to say nothing of substance once the invitation to Ahmadinejad had been extended (by a dean) and the predictable explosion of publicity had generated enormous expectations?
In an e-mail interview last month, Sergeant Hensley, an Army Ranger who was brought into the sniper unit to train other soldiers to become more deadly, said he felt bitter toward First Battalion’s two senior leaders for making him “the fall guy” for tactics they had encouraged.
The move was consistent with his style during campaign events, when he takes questions and holds press briefings sometimes several times a day.
He achieved Impressionist effects by blurring his lenses with petroleum jelly or manipulating his negatives and prints in the darkroom.
The supporting cast includes two other, excellent holdovers from the London production: Alice Eve as the younger Esme and, later, Esme’s teenage daughter, Alice; and Nicole Ansari as an émigré Czech Cambridge professor with a mystical side.
One after another, we bought our hopeful little improvement projects and walked out into the autumn night of our subprime lives.
Cloning has “never been done with the world’s tallest organism,” said William J. Libby, a professor emeritus of forests and genetics at the University of California, Berkeley, and a board member of the Save-the-Redwoods League.
About a quarter drove S.U.V.’s, pickups or sports cars.
Then, 3 years ago they suddenly came back.
The Nets went on an 8-0 run late in the first quarter after Frank made three substitutions simultaneously.
Cleo Lemon will start in Green’s place.
Brendan, her husband, is a shambling, kind hearted academic who spends his days working on a history of the crusades, a book that has occupied him for years and might for years to come.
11 attack.
Robert W. Johnson, a senior labor relations executive from Disney, came to New York to help with the talks.
“There was no one bigger in the black community,” he said.
Over the last three, the losing team has won only one game, the infamous Kenny Rogers smudge-gate.
Judge Alex J. Zigman also ordered that Mr. O’Keeffe be placed in protective custody and on suicide watch.
Biographers often find themselves at odds with the friends and families of their subjects.
The program will be repeated tonight at the Danspace Project at St. Mark’s Church, 131 East 10th Street, East Village; (212) 674-8112, danspaceproject.org.
But the Election Commission did not accept the objections, and the lawyers emerged saying they would now take the matter to the courts on Monday.
A would-be Yankees vs. Red Sox wager between two Democratic candidates fizzles in the way of so many primary debates — the candidates actually agree.
Administrators in the semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq have denounced the Turkish airstrikes and reported that civilians were wounded.
The closer to the center of the blazes, the louder the roaring crackle of fire, punctuated by the occasional explosion of a propane tank.
This was destructive, biased language from someone in a prominent media position.
Then come the most difficult decisions.
The German automakers’ association has endorsed carbon dioxide, which not only has the baseline warming number of 1 but is also at least 20 percent more energy-efficient than the best systems using R134a, supporters say.
I also enjoyed your ability to have a point of view and present it, something sadly lacking in our modern times of 500+ channels, pre-packaged hosts (and guests), and only irony, never sincerity.
The analysts anticipate weakness well into the future — a forecast that does not require going out on a limb to make.
This will be especially true for television actors in soap operas that are seen on a daily basis.
After the attacks of 9/11, Mr. Bush authorized the creation of extralegal detention camps where Central Intelligence Agency operatives were told to extract information from prisoners who were captured and held in secret.
All of the Giants, tired and loose, stated their happy willingness to be part ambassador, part pioneer.
A careful count of balls should be done on a high resolution image.
The share of national income going to residential construction is falling rapidly, but is still not very low.
And where are the fathers in all of this?
So what’s up with that stuff?
We sat comfortably around a long wood table as the family chef brought out plate after plate of earthy Portuguese fare: a big salad with juicy local tomatoes, followed by buttery potatoes and an enormous platter of cabrito (a roasted young goat) with sweet onions and carrots.
Mr. Cox has had five Edsels at his auctions in the last five years.
“Hold on — yeah, I was wearing a black shirt,” he said.
Surely the government doesn’t care much about my lowly personal emails, but in the great big snooping campaign there are emails of others, obtained coincidentally, that can be and are used to manipulate political outcomes.
But publishers said their biggest hope was that Kindle would expand sales of books to a new generation of gadget lovers.
Mr. Blansett said he thought that the F.D.A. had exaggerated the adverse reactions of legacy drugs on children and said he would be happy to conform to any labeling changes the F.D.A. requested.
Vitalij Kowaljow again showed a nice, warm bass, though with some constriction in his upper notes.
Mr. Cavett you have it right.
Conditions in the debt markets have eased somewhat, but specialists say they remain much tighter than they were earlier this year.
A group of Zionist Orthodox rabbis, Tzohar, had challenged the ruling and said that its members would authorize “heter mechira” produce in cities where the local rabbis would not, an obvious threat to the authority of the Chief Rabbinate.
It had a rich, almost sweet flavor — the result, he explained, of slow growth, long summer days of 20 hours of light, and wide swings in temperature from day to night.
ROSENBERG: It was a tough watch.
Anderson is working with the Browns to donate money and clothes.
And that black raincoat, how classic of Nixon.
When you read a historical mystery by Jason Goodwin, you take a magic carpet ride to the most exotic place on earth.
Last year, Google spent heavily on a promotion that offered users as much as $20 off every $50 they spent.
Here's a famous story.
253 pages. $25.
How did that geriatric hag ever find me here?
Since Byrd was slow and steady, the Indians are one victory from winning this amazing race.
I remember his very resonant photograph of a ship builder in front of his ship,attached to the historical footnote that the subject of the photograph had gone bankrupt.
The last thing these locals seem to want is an additional half-million-odd tourists that the backers of the airport predict would be landing in Siena by 2020.
The museum will also present “A Walk Into the Sea: Danny Williams and the Warhol Factory,” a documentary about a filmmaker who had been one of Warhol’s intimates, and “Beautiful Darling,” a work in progress about Candy Darling, a notable figure in what the museum is calling “Warhol’s World.”
WITH its Southern-fried dialogue, country lawyers and charges of small-town malfeasance, the indictment of Dickie Scruggs has all the trappings of a pulp fiction novel.
In “The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao,” Díaz, the author of a book of sexy, diamond-sharp stories called “Drown,” shows impressive high-low dexterity, flashing his geek credentials, his street wisdom and his literary learning with equal panache.
Some people donate because they like a candidate’s platform.
Presumably Imus is being returned to express the same viewpoints or those even more blatantly offensive for even more money.
Boulder Valley School District RE-2, Colo., $53.3 million of refunding general obligation bonds.
The meaning arises straight from the roots of the word.
“The Whisperers” comes at an opportune moment, when the generation of survivors — people born between 1917 and 1925 — is dying out and a post-Soviet government is trying to burnish the history of Stalinism.
In what could be a signal of new trouble for N.H.L. teams trying to sign European players, the league and the International Ice Hockey Federation announced last week that they would renegotiate the international player transfer agreement.
Instead, Mr. Levin took a job as legal adviser at the National Security Council.
Obviously, spending must be cut drastically, but how will you ensure it is cut in the most efficient places.
In effect, the lobby itself is a continuous public performance.
It kills by blast and metal fragments produced by chemical energy.
The course closed in 1978, and during the next 25 years, the vicissitudes of war kept Mr. Abdul away from his sport.
Repeating a mantra of Cashman’s, Torre said he told Steinbrenner that having productive young players would prevent the Yankees from needing to sign costly free agents.
A crew which walked the slopes looking for the best preserved shot, after multiple reuse, and tossing them toward the road or onto the road, followed by a crew of final selection which walked the gully to choose the best to roll onto the road, for a final crew (not yet on hand before OFF) to pick up the balls, would explain the idealized placement ON the road.
Attendance figures are higher than ever, a castle spokesman said.
“First we invent the technologies, then we figure out the social norms that tame the technology and allow it to occupy a nondistracting part of our life.”
We know what Khrushchev was doing from the accounts written by his son, Sergei.
European officials said the proposal was likely to face resistance in countries like Germany that are already struggling with unemployment and integrating their own sizable numbers of immigrants.
Without the delay, the company could have been forced to spend $1.95 billion to repurchase shares now worth only $909 million.
Many speakers, including a roll call of state and city politicians who were allowed what amounted to the first dance, said the state government should increase its subsidy to the authority, in order to keep fares at their present level.
But this Jeremy Shockey does not do that.
The debate is really between people who think that we have gotten some things right and that some issues are closed, and theose who think that all issues must constantly be revisited.
Where women had to fight for every equality.
Sometimes he is married, sometimes not.
They do this because they believe in who we are as Americans, which is a people slow to anger, your worst enemy in war, and your best friend in peace.
Councilman Garodnick’s facade law addresses this problem.
He’s sure the boy for me.”
Here, the dynamic physical forces and rough terrain form a kinetic system in which there will not likely be a nice pattern spread out in open space (and nicely in camera-range) but rather a strong tropism for local minima – which we see in the first picture where most of the balls are “in the gutter” or in depressions on the hillside.
He later returned to the game.
No one in Britain cared about his role as a defensive player for the Chicago Bears; we cared only about what he ate, and ate and ate.
It organizes and administers private loans.
Is San Diego Ready for Some Football?
But Mr. Putin has so emasculated the democratic institutions that evolved in the 1990s that it is apparent he has little confidence in his people.
Then „ON“ was shot.
Griffin missed practices and a team flight, and the Rockets suspended him, then cut him in December 2003.
CHRIS RUSS: I’ve got a proposal for you.
Howler monkeys, a hallmark of rural towns here, roared unseen in the jungle beyond.
The White House issued a statement before the president’s remarks on Thursday, citing sharp declines in attacks, civilian fatalities and fatalities to Iraqi security forces since the buildup of United States troops began in June.
I hope you will stay with the Carol Gotbaum story.
St. Kitts and Nevis: St. Kitts will get its only nonstop flight from New York on Nov.
On the morning he was to fly to London with the company to continue the tour, he was told at the airport that he was flying back to Moscow to dance for Khrushchev.
Drivers in Tunisia, Honduras and Pakistan all paid more for their gasoline than Americans did last year, according to a survey of fuel prices compiled by GTZ, a German consulting firm.
Demo flights are available from about 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. (although it was suggested to me that sometimes things don’t really get going until 11 a.m.), and scheduling is first come first served.
Clothes in transparent fabrics, often in layers with undergarments exposed, received a lot of play during collections, beginning with Mr. Jacobs’s stripped-down evening gowns and Narciso Rodriguez’s more subtle veiling of black chiffon over simple lavender silk dresses.
This is not to say that we should give up trying to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
It’s not like he’s saying that unions are evil and should be stopped, he’s just calling it like it is.
That statute, after all, attempted to return the law to the state that it was in before the fundamental change that the Supreme Court made when it decided Oregon v. Smith.
This is all a sharp contrast to six years ago, when the legendary product expert Robert A. Lutz arrived at G.M. to take charge of vehicle development.
23 at his home in Bennington, Vt.
He has agreed to forfeit $2 million from an estimated profit from the kickbacks of $2.5 million, according to the United States attorney for the Central District of California.
The German news coverage of the border opening, what there is of it, has largely been about Germans’ installing metal shutters, putting up barbed wire and even buying guns.
Some economists and analysts said examining subprime lending by geography and race could be misleading because of the many variables not represented in the data, including the lack of banking services in some minority communities and historical differences in wealth and income among racial and ethnic groups.
DANGER: what if the career parent get’s divorced? they’ve stepped off the $$$ escalator.
But O.L.P.C. and its worldwide army of open-source (volunteer) programmers expect to polish things by the time the assembly line starts to roll in November.
Actually, Julie Nixon proved to be astute, sharp, and appropriately cutting in her remark.
The problem isn’t whether this assertion is true; the problem is the film reflexively embraces it, much as it does every single other cliché, without inquiry, challenge or a single ounce of real risk.
The chief judge criticized him for his management of the government.
Legal experts said Verizon’s position is probably correct under current law, though some called for regulations that would require wireless carriers of text messages to act like common carriers, making their services available to all speakers on all topics.
It offers crucial habitat for birds, like Bicknell’s thrush, whose summer home is in the mountains of New England and Canada, and the North American warblers that stop in Cuba on their way south for the winter.
So she waited until she was 18, when she dropped out of Juilliard to return to London, study with Ms. Curcio and live with Mr. Greensmith, to whom she has now been married for 14 years.
Nonetheless, a Red Cross official conceded that the system was not foolproof, because not every house would be checked before money was given out.
I tried eBay and dedicated web sites for used cars in Oz.
He is the author of the blog The Midnight Hour.
One patient, a young gay man, had contracted a lethal case of toxoplasmosis, a parasitic disease sometimes passed from cats to humans but unusual in a patient with a healthy immune system.
It was difficult therefore, Bonnie had found, to strike the right balance.
That shows the slow, but disconcerting loss of humor and therefore humanity in our world today.
One more thought.
The French have embraced communal bike ownership, according to my informal survey of my fellow Vélibiens, as have other Europeans.
18 — After the Giants earned a tense and rugged 16-10 victory against the Lions at Ford Field on Sunday, someone told Michael Strahan that Detroit quarterback Jon Kitna said that the Giants were not the better team.
Kayak doesn’t want very many of SideStep’s people, however.
In the news business, the opening sentences of a story are referred to as its "lede" -- spelled that way, journalism lore has it, to avoid confusion with the lead typesetting that once dominated newspaper printing presses.
Chris Greenleaf, GoTV’s vice president for entertainment, declined to say how much Tide or any of the company’s other clients pay to develop an online series.
For example, x1 times x1 equals x2.”
Tight end Todd Heap is also expected to miss the game, and cornerback Samari Rolle was placed on injured reserve with a shoulder injury.
The rule establishes steps an employer must follow after receiving a notice from the Social Security Administration, known as a no-match letter, reporting that an employee’s identity information does not match the agency’s records.
I have interesting discussions-agreements-disagreements with those who are called children.
The authority, which runs the public bus and subway system, was not involved in the negotiations.
Just what is this pact that artists and audiences make?
“It just shows you that the average person is honest,” Mr. Sundman said in a 1992 interview with The Philadelphia Inquirer.
Instead, he plucked Smith and Marinelli — and later, Tomlin — from college.
New Jersey forward Antoine Wright left with 0.3 seconds left in the third quarter with a right leg injury, perhaps to the knee area.
“Norma,” the thinking seems to go, is a great and popular work with contemporary resonance (a man throws over the mother of his children for a younger colleague); therefore, we will stage it and we will find singers to do it.
Mr. Savage further reports that Mr. Cheney reiterated those views on executive power in a 1989 essay (prepared for a talk he never delivered at the American Enterprise Institute), which declared that a leak-prone Congress is not capable of acting with the speed, secrecy and decisiveness of the president and suggested that it should not be trusted to make important decisions affecting national security and foreign policy.
The creation of the fund, some investors said, seemed to indicate that problems were far worse for the banks backing the S.I.V.’s than they had thought.
Relationships between orthopedics companies and their customers are among the most complicated — and potentially conflicted — in health care.
In a food processor, pulse Saltines to fine crumbs and transfer to a medium bowl.
Redemption comes in the form of a leek tart — the leeks melted down to a rich confit, a touch of tarragon for subtle dimension and enough butter in the crust to make certain it bears no resemblance to it’s more healthful whole-grain cousin; this is an exquisite recipe.
I have owned my vizio 37″ lcd tv for over a year without any problems.
The Coast Guard said it was unclear how long the cleanup operation would last.
Two weekends ago, when the talks fell apart, the league canceled all of Thanksgiving week.
They can only be “made” one at a time.
For news tips and press announcements, please use the e-mail links on the blog home page to reach our writers and editors.
In that illusion, people hide one hand in their lap and look at a rubber hand set on a table in front of them.
“We can’t rely on technology for verifying people’s true identity,” Mr. Staudenraus said.
Who is the villain of the piece?
But if we project our narratives onto the world, but the hermeneutic echo back is not simply the same ping we sent out, then we have to proceed much more cautiously as we sift and interpret the evidence.
Not because he was giving up on New York, she said — a British lord, he has houses around the world — but because he was about to buy an even grander Manhattan apartment.
But we’re still far from a point where we should sit back and write columns patting our society on the back.
There’s nothing on earth I’d rather have been drinking than this small glass of brown wine that a quarter of an hour before had caused me to wrinkle my nose in disdain.
On-screen, Hope and Crosby were essentially disrespectful.
Players can invest in a mix of power supplies to run their cities, including wind turbines, solar panels, or coal plants.
The Yankees swept the Indians in their season series, but after their last meeting in August, Cleveland went 31-13.
I am surprised that Bush never brings it up.
It sounds like you have parents that trully care about you and trully love you.
Read A. J. Austin, “How to Do Things With Words,” please. — Posted by Was a Cavett fan...
Following the first Arab oil embargo of 1973, the Eldorado and the dream of freedom and luxury it embodied had come to appear grotesque, a true road to ruin.
Five houses toppled into a collapsed coal mine tunnel in northern Shanxi Province, killing at least 12 people, the Xinhua News Agency reported.
I was able to understand why the Iraqis yelled and glared as we sped down their streets with our weapons pointed out the windows.
Someone wrote earlier that other kids should read Nick’s story.
I think I can get you the roles you ought to have,” Collier’s reported.
The big worry for economists is that consumers and businesses will cut back on spending and investing, dealing a blow to economic growth.
John Waters on Tennessee Williams; Steven Heller on Al Goldstein; Rachel Donadio on literary feuds.
The invitation is not, at any rate, extended to those who have actually engaged with such debates between “sincere and learned persons.”
Sales grew 9 percent to $5.17 billion from $4.76 billion a year ago.
My husband and I were vegan at the time (cheaper groceries), had a rent-stabilized 1.5 bedroom apartment (cheap rent!), and I breastfed for a year (much cheaper than formula).
Both are getting favorable, if preliminary, reviews from scientists, dentists and consumer testers.
At first I was surprised to hear I had sounded exasperated.
If, “Facebook claims that users have an incentive to tell the truth in their profiles because they are used mainly to communicate with their friends, not strangers.” they are kidding them selfs.
What they believe and say should be the criteria.
To cast aspersions on his personality or courage is unfair.
He stayed in shape mainly by working out with a trainer and playing soccer at Pier 40 off the Hudson River with a team sponsored by Phebe’s Tavern & Grill in the East Village.
In 2005, the Group of 8 leading industrialized nations pledged to increase aid to Africa by at least $25 billion by 2010.
“We met Lisa Viola!” said an excited Aaron Carr, a junior, referring to a revered Taylor dancer.
For 18 days, I sent e-mail messages from trains, studied the history of my current country on street corners and used Google to find restaurants and weather forecasts in Fahrenheit.
It will most likely take years for municipal review of the project’s impact on traffic, water quality and other concerns.
JetBlue has also added numerous new flights in recent months.
Gloria Hochman, a journalist and author for more than 30 years, has written extensively about relationships, children, social issues, and mental and physical health.
Attention: These pro-minglers are not Jeffersonian Democrats.
Democracy is not the application of things as: “Are dictators ever good?”
And he said that while special units could assist companies in some busy areas, regular firefighters must do most of their own inspections in order to become familiar with the buildings in case of fires there.
Two of the bodies were uncovered by villagers, police and soldiers in Karanganyar on Thursday morning, one of them a young child, said Pratomo, who heads the local disaster coordinating agency.
So, I can stand alone and take IM away from my son, who will then have no social outlet, or I can let them be part of their society the way it is now.
And I still keep up with a healthy diet, exercise, and massage for good health and because I think it does help the headaches.
But that doesn’t appear to be the case.
Like a strike, for example.
In addition, the University of Toledo spent $71,000 on additional deadbolts for residence hall rooms and $24,000 on a text-message alert system that officials said would be operating by October.
While these companies hardly represent all of the nearly 500 Chinese exhibitors, more than from any other country, they do point to a deeper problem: Pharmaceutical ingredients exported from China are often made by chemical companies that are neither certified nor inspected by Chinese drug regulators, The New York Times has found.
Traditionally, most programs offer about 30 hours of classroom time and about six hours of driving.
That’s the movie I was making in my head as the colors and shapes, and the strings of words were arranged and rearranged from shot to shot, scene to scene.
That can cut corporate profits and lead to layoffs.
The plan was for the driver to meet us at 6 a.m., which would leave us plenty of time to make our 8 a.m. flight.
Petitions opposing the complex have circulated among residents.
Private drug rehabilitation centers have sprouted up in nearly every poor neighborhood, a cottage industry of sorts.
A spokesman said Wednesday that the Transportation Department was completing the paperwork needed to hold the meeting.
In order that someone should report me missing?
She has a core group of girlfriends who share her values and ambitions.
The European monitors left after the Hamas takeover, as did the Palestinian Authority’s Presidential Guards, who had secured the Palestinian side of the crossing and who are loyal to the authority’s president, Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah.
Two other men were charged in December 2005.
What happened?
At their best, and for that matter at their less than best, Joel and Ethan Coen, who share writing and directing credit here, combine virtuosic dexterity with mischievous high spirits, as if they were playing Franz Liszt’s most treacherous compositions on dueling banjos.
Sometime in the late ’40s, disillusioned, perhaps, by cold war politics and worn out by the dissolution of his quarrelsome and misguided marriage to Mary McCarthy, Wilson soured on contemporary writing.
And as Americans are intimidated repeatedly by their government, tolerance and courtesy are being stretched thinner & thinner.
Although the simple, stark design and minimal but expressive animation continue to catch the eye, here’s one film that CGI would almost certainly improve, giving weight and depth to its airy metaphors.
What happened in this case is a tragedy, but it’s not symptomatic of anything other than a confluence of bad choices, bad luck, and and a fragile personality.
“We thought we would never grow old and the neighborhood would never change,” he said softly.
484 pages.
Bonnie, a fifth-grade teacher in a Cleveland suburb, did think about calling Linda on Tuesday, when the Indians led, two games to one.
“She hasn’t even pushed them as far as they want to be pushed,” said Daniel Levy, a former Israeli negotiator.
Hey, how about reading a classic?
Flanner: I won’t have it!
When the infantile hero of “Knocked Up” decides to reform and become a responsible parent, he manages to land a job, sign a lease on a fabulous apartment and conjure up roomfuls of furniture on credit — all during a single montage sequence.
Todd White scored the 100th goal of his career last night with 3 minutes 26 seconds left in overtime to give the Atlanta Thrashers a 2-1 victory over the visiting Washington Capitals.
The two boys met on the first day of school this year.
Red Bull, which had fired Mo Johnston as coach, pounced on the opportunity to hire Arena.
At SUNY Binghamton, where the number of packages received increased to 57,000 last year, from 33,000 in 2002, officials invested about $25,000 in a bar code scanning system to track packages from the moment of arrival to the time students sign for them.
Enough is enough, there is no room for that tpye of behavoir or humor from any racial group.
As long as a manufacturer offered a product compatible with a network, the consumer could use that product — without needing to take measures like unlocking it with his teeth.
South Korea’s decision to create another such industrial complex at Haeju, near Kaesong , could further complicate the prospects of United States congressional approval of the trade agreement, said Nam Joo Hong, a North Korea expert at Kyonggi University.
Other public figures have authored their own downfall by similar spontanious remarks (Trent Lott).
The shift by Led Zeppelin, whose reunion concert in London next month has already incited a frenzy for tickets, highlights the clout of digital sales in the music market as mass merchants reduce the shelf space devoted to compact discs.
David Kelly on Daniel Okrent; Robert R. Harris on John McPhee.
I believe it.
A biracial schoolgirl from the 1960s becomes a pop star in one of the three intertwined stories of Jordan Harrison’s time-traveling play (1:40).
There has been a growing call for states to take another look at their death penalty laws in recent years as more inmates on death row are exonerated.
CHRIS RUSS: Are you trying to go a step farther and say how much time went by?
With spouses less programmed than in the past, the line is blurrier between what women like Mrs. Edwards and Mrs. Obama want to say and what the campaigns need them to say.
Thirty-nine percent of the two million motorcycles sold annually in Vietnam are Chinese brands, according to Honda, which has a 34 percent market share.
This would have been Mr. Terfel’s first performance of the entire cycle.
Last year, Mr. O’Neal’s $46.4 million pay package made him Wall Street’s second-highest paid chief executive, behind Lloyd C. Blankfein of Goldman Sachs, who was paid $54.3 million, according to Equilar research.
“If they don’t like the taste, or worry about something that’s in the water, we recommend they get a filtration system,” said Wenonah Hauter, the group’s executive director.
Last year, Americans saved only 0.4 percent of their disposable income, down from 7 percent in 1990.
What measuring system were the Russians using at the time, English or Metric or something else?
He lives with a stout, black-clad, rather fearsome-looking old woman who may or may not be his grandmother.
My comments will seem like a waffle to your readers.
There’s something ominous about this kitsch ballad, which is precisely the point.
Yes, UNAIDS report reduced the number to 33 million infected with HIV.
THE ORDEAL OF ELIZABETH MARSH: A Woman in World History.
The $3 billion, along with $1 billion from New Jersey’s Transportation Trust Fund, will provide half the money for the project, a benchmark that has to be reached to obtain federal matching funds.
“Coming gives the Arabs leverage to say to the Bush administration: ‘Do now what you didn’t do leading up to this.’”
Police officers and tribunal officials moved into the house at about 6 a.m., the earliest permissible time for arrests under tribunal rules.
For example, Unilever paid ABC for Mr. Kimmel to announce the user-generated component of “The World’s Dirtiest Film” on his show last week.
And before anyone attacks, I am 23 and speaking about my own generation.
We grew up feeling by turns grateful, pressured, adored, unloved, ignored, supported, smothered, misunderstood, kvelled over–all the standard sets of feelings children get to have from ordinary, good-enough parents, the kind of parents that seem to people every generation of privileged Americans.
Mr. Chávez usually saves his most vitriolic diatribes for the United States, but disputes have frayed diplomatic ties with other countries.
Where bankers were once reluctant to lend to churches, the credit union now shares its market with some of the nation’s largest banks.
Today, it has a spruced-up facade, but there is retail space built out onto the open plaza, which originally defined the stark rectangular form.
Does the past speak itself?
Mr. Stoppard treats the contentious, confused characters of “Rock ’n’ Roll” with a deep, protective affection I’ve never encountered from him before, even in the supposed self-portraiture of his “Real Thing.”
Not performing an autopsy of Ms. Bhutto “was a severe mistake, especially in the light of past problems with the murders of national leaders,” because it will fuel speculation, said Dr. Michael M. Baden, who is a top forensic official for the New York State Police as well as a former New York City chief medical examiner.
She spoke by phone with Winter Miller about what she’s listening to and watching.
First they were exposed to dangerous radiation without protective equipment when their employers were under contract with the government to do weapons work.
Such “values” stances were far outside the mainstream of the party before Bill Clinton expressed them.
One scar runs from her lip to her right ear, along a strikingly youthful face.
A photograph on one desk showed Taylor and his 18-month-old daughter, Jackie.
We usually just carry on with our glue-gunning and our decoupage-ing.
I tried beta blockers to manage the headaches but they made me feel like I was forever under water.
He bragged about the harmony among his people, half of whom are Muslim and half Christian.
The ways in which misogyny reinvents itself, generation after generation, are stunning in variation, and confounding to the most aware and well-meaning of parents.
You meet somebody on a Monday.
A complete wash-down of the school began on Wednesday and was completed on Thursday, school officials said.
There was a deportation process for another musician from the UK more recently: Slick Rick (albeit for much less noble reasons).
Google, for example, has long been playing with its basic logo; this month, the search engine replaced the second G in its name with a drawing of Sputnik, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the launching of the Soviet satellite.
One of the reasons that it was so difficult to prosecute these cases in the first place was because of the unique setup of the Catholic Church — the priest IS the trusted adult, the words coming out of the priest’s mouth are the words of God.
If they are going to be on the roads driving, then yes, I guess I want them to do it legally and identifiably.
Mr. Rattle clearly agrees.
With dynamic surges and full command of their obsessions, the songs soon moved the audience from chattering support-act indifference to full fascination.
Grand Central Terminal to me is one of NYC’s most magical spaces.
After years of mollycoddling the industry, the Bush administration needs to start protecting America’s consumers.
One reason that most professors are liberal (especially lecturers, who do most of the teaching.) is that they are underpaid and overworked, which is garunteed to radicalize anyone.
The food of Thierry Marx from Cordeillan-Bages, a Michelin two-star property in Pauillac, will be featured.
Instead, we live in a time of competing creative voices, the best of which can offer penetrating insights into a culture that is in constant flux.
Variations of the technique, designed to stimulate the prisoner’s gag reflex and give him a feeling of imminent drowning, have been used for centuries.
The secretive private equity firm, named for the three-headed dog guarding the underworld, appeared to put on a friendly public face during its purchase of Chrysler.
I don’t know of any other major public work named after an athlete.
“The land rapists can’t come in here and say, ‘I want that mountain,’ ” said Harriet Carter, a local real estate agent.
Torre said Clemens was lined up to start Game 3 if he completed a simulated game on Monday in Tampa, Fla.
IN the Southampton village of Sagaponack, the median home price has risen a staggering 44 percent since last year, to $5.5 million.
Dealing with irrational people in difficult circumstances does not lead to satisfyingly rational outcomes very often, if ever.
As such, he remains fearless in his embrace of any taboo, especially sexual.
24 — Secretary General Ban Ki-moon opened a meeting of world leaders on climate change here today stating that the scientific evidence of its global impact was sound and the moment to act was now.
Although Cramer-Krasselt has worked on automotive assignments over the year, the Porsche Cars account is its first full national account that includes factory and dealer campaigns.
Thick or thin, boring or overbaring the man was an ogriginal.
Eshrine?
Some Iraquis may believe that, but many other Iraquis don’t believe in democracy as a system of government at all.
For international shoppers, America is where the Christmas shopping bargains are, in large part because of the no-longer-so-almighty dollar.
It was the biggest annual decline in prices since September 1970.
I have read the constitution of the Republic of China.
I find Nixon the proverbial “when he was good he was very very good.”
For me it was two years into my marriage.
“It was a great mistake to make an ignorant Polish peasant into a pope,” he said.
In his first start since the 2005 season, he engineered the offense to perhaps its most efficient performance of the season.
If one assumes that the exposures were equally appropriate for both scenes, that no filters were used in the photographic process, or if they were used, then identical filters were incorporated into both frames, and if one assumes no dodging or burning was employed in the printing process, I would have to say at this point that it appears “ON” would have been snapped before “OFF.”
“I don’t want the children in my family to be born thinking they are less than someone else based on their DNA,” added Ms. McGriff, of Manhattan.
But the building is included in the Greenwich Village Historic District; for the project to go ahead, the Landmarks Preservation Commission must signal that the O’Toole Building, mentioned very favorably in the commission’s original designation report, is disposable.
The Waterfront Ale House also stocks a lot of locals and has another advantage: if you have one too many and need a nap, you can always rent a sleep-chair (a k a buy a movie ticket) for $10 at the Kips Bay cinema next door.
They were not kind, but in a good way.
Andy MacPhail, then the team president, and Commissioner Bud Selig phoned Bartman with messages of support.
Ms. Wallace expects LEED certification soon and plans to extend the Ambrose into a green brand by building more LEED-certified hotels.
A man who answered the phone at Jones’s home in Austin, Tex., said she had no comment.
Gov. Sérgio Cabral of Rio advised him to ignore the request.
The report did not mention a bullet because the actual cause of the head injury was left to the autopsy required under Pakistani law when a person dies under suspicious or criminal circumstances, Mr. Minallah said.
A report in The Times last week by Jesse McKinley and Griffin Palmer analyzed nearly $3 billion in land sales that have occurred since Nevada’s Congressional delegation steered the law to passage in 1998.
More recently, Gov. George E. Pataki increased capital investment but cut money for operations.
Earlier in the day, it wouldn’t be.
Get rid of it.
They say they have no plans to leave Madison and, thanks to the decentralized nature of the Web, Ms. Welker said there is no reason to relocate to continue their careers.
The sport was once known as nawa arwut, literally “nine weapons,” because soldiers were taught that even if they had no knives or guns they could use two hands, two elbows, two knees, two feet and their head to battle their enemies.
In 1965, the company sponsored a traveling exhibition of modern art called Pop & Op that featured 65 artists, including Jasper Johns and Roy Lichtenstein.
What I see is a whole bunch of people who love their children, who feel the full impact of the dangers all around us and our children, and are searching for the balance among keeping them safe, encouraging them to think and act independently, and helping them become responsible and caring adults.
But really I said some very clever things. . . .
Dr. Leavitt, a longtime business professor at Stanford University, wrote about his theories in lively articles and books, including “Managerial Psychology” (1958), a textbook still used almost 50 years after it was first published.
“We know this will require a fundamental change between schools and families and kids if it’s going to work,” Mr. Roosevelt said.
When my wife and I talk politics, an increasingly rare event, we usually wind up wondering whether we as a society are clever enough to think our way out of the problems now confronting us.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., manager of the space shuttle program, said in a televised news conference that there were no technical issues standing in the way of the 11-day mission that will install the European Space Agency’s new Columbus laboratory in the growing station.
Since the majority of prisoners in American jails are persons of color, this statement is profoundly un-racist.
He understands that the power of Mitchell’s narrative arose because she set the romance against momentous events.
Another of the report’s recommendations is for the company to pay compensation to the families of the dead.
Their household is more chaotic than my household was, but their child benefits from having intense one-on-one from each parent.
Early in the second quarter, Manning again found Jacobs up the middle.
Even at prices ranging from around $3 million for a one-bedroom apartment to $10 million for a town house, only three units remain unsold at this writing.
Any thoughts on the matter?
Asked before the game whether he felt this series was being played under the national radar, Hurdle chuckled.
Robert Joseph and William John Mauch were born in Peoria, Ill., on July 6, 1921.
He received his undergraduate degree and doctorate from Oxford University, where he studied chemistry.
He said then he would return for Boston in 2008 for $13 million, the same salary he earned in 2007.
I have given up citrus, most aged cheese and a number of other foods that I know will spark off a headahe.
He then spent 15 years at Newsday, where he was editorial page editor from 1979 to 1988.
The hatches are narrow, but we dived slowly into the black, murky holds, and I was startled when a school of tiny blue fish exploded into a burst of color in the beam of my flashlight.
Mr. Higham sent his changes to Mr. Sondheim as MP3 files.
Kris Dent, an ATP spokesman, also acknowledged that a “highly subjective” list of 140 suspicious matches dating from 2002 had been compiled by a European bookmaker and provided to investigators.
The guests applauded.
A shoulder injury to forward Sean Avery in the second game forced a scrambling of the other wings on those lines.
Opens today in New York and Los Angeles.
He: “Just kidding.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Bush suffered the first veto override of his seven-year-old presidency Thursday as the Senate enacted a $23 billion water resources bill despite his protest that it was filled with unnecessary projects.
The world we live in needs more laughs and humor.
But one constant for the past 39 years has been a local counseling center called Reachout, which began as a volunteer drug counseling center.
I believe it is a blessing for your students that, during times of grieving, they have access to a counselor who shares their beliefs.
Nervous investors also dumped Northern Rock shares, which fell 31 percent.
After lightening the OFF pic so it has the same value as the ON pic, the shadows do appear greater on the cannon balls that remained in the ditch in the OFF pic indicating a later time.
“The truth of the matter is that if eBay wanted to keep counterfeit Tiffany goods off, it probably could,” he said.
Ultimately, excellent teaching is about touching souls and it is a calling.
By JULIA WERDIGIER and LANDON THOMAS Jr.
Quite apart from the intelligence value of leaving the sites up, it’s not clear what can be gained by shutting them down.
“I don’t know,” Mr. Del Castro said.
Kiddie stuff be damned - I’ve had this ADHD monkey on my back for over 40 years.
Rains, a criminal defense lawyer based in San Francisco, has represented Bonds since before his grand jury testimony.
While Ms. Keller may be perfectly happy with her Asperger’s, I hope she understands how painful it is for the rest of us living with and loving our Aspie.
And this may be the lesson that filmmakers need to absorb as they think about how to deal with the current war.
Those Celtics and the Lakers of Magic Johnson, James Worthy and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar dominated the league in the 1980s: From 1980 to 1988, the teams won all but one of the nine N.B.A. championships — three for Boston, five for Los Angeles.
The 1954 award (awarded to Newsday for exposing racetrack scandals) sold for $7,000.
I hesitated to take the plunge into the issue of posing.
Unfortunately Johnson was uncharacteristically wrong.
The Nasdaq Stock Market said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Boston Stock Exchange for about $61 million to expand its domestic trading and enter the clearing business.
Jay-Z’s new album is certain to punctuate what had been a year of relatively slow sales for Def Jam until the huge chart debut this week of Kanye West’s CD “Graduation.”
Last year they realized the film’s 25th anniversary was coming up.
Finally, fake brands — the parodic Simpsons products, Mooby’s in Kevin Smith movies, Big Kahuna burgers in “Pulp Fiction,” etc. — tend to be appealing partly because they are fake and often encompass a kind of critique of the absurdity of branding itself.
David W. Chen contributed reporting from Trenton.
George W. Bush and Melville’s Ahab: Discuss!
But there were as many questions, if not more, about the storm sparked by Imus, who is expected to return to broadcasting in December with WABC.
The International Monetary Fund recently predicted a slight easing in global growth next year while warning that the downturn in mortgage markets could spawn wider troubles.
Perfectly placed candles and backlighted bottles of wine soften the stylistic mix of rustic farmhouse and Brooklyn industrial.
The “Living In” column of Oct.
The stars of the show, not surprisingly considering the host country, are the German automakers.
Imus needs to find sponsors who sell chewing tobacco or alligator boots or some such.
Niko Scott had 14 points for Columbia (1-4).
E.On, the German utility, bought the North American assets of Airtricity, an Irish operator of wind parks, for about $847 million to expand in renewable energy.
Last year, the company took in nearly $600 million in federal money, most of it under contract with the State Department to provide bodyguards for diplomats and visiting dignitaries, including the dozens of members of Congress who travel to Iraq each year.
And it lowered the discount rate, the rate at which the Fed will lend to banks on loans secured by virtually any collateral, to 4.75 percent.
One cannot undo its detrimental legacy by continuing to use the same conceptual frame, just slightly reworked.
Major sites like eBags have their own systems to store credit card numbers and shipping addresses, so PayPal and Google Checkout do not add that much value for consumers.
Updated Monday through Friday, The Opinionator provides a guide to the wide world of newspaper, magazine and Web opinion.
The staff at the brick-walled Leaf and Bean (35 West Main Street; 406-587-1580; www.leaf-bean.com) grinds espresso for each drink as it is ordered, and the aroma of chocolate and coffee mingle in the air outside the shop, luring passers-by.
But mustard with banana?
The rest of daytime is a jumble.
In July, a report by Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo found that the governor’s staff misused the State Police to gather information on Mr. Bruno’s use of state helicopters and police cars.
ABC’s regular lineup meanwhile is dominated by serialized shows like “Desperate Housewives” that do not repeat well.
Robert Jackson, the chairman of the Council Education Committee, said that it was not clear if the agreement had been reviewed or renewed since then.
And so I do like to dwell on that,” in the work.
Considering the mess the men have made of our country and its standing and its caring for the ‘least of us’ (Remember Katrina!), it takes a woman to clean up that mess.
The museum, named for a Lebanese collector who died in 1984, tried for six years to buy 2 Columbus Circle from the city, but the Museum of Arts & Design acquired the building.
A spokesman, Chad Colby, said the federal Education Department would not comment.
If there are fewer in one picture than the other, then that picture is the second of these two taken within an hour an a half of each other.
It seems like most Americans would rather have our tax money and government spending flow into healthcare, education, and building a better economy than drained on war.
Prices are closing in on a record level, adjusted for inflation, of $101.70 a barrel in April 1980.
I would pay to see Dick Cavett interview GW Bush or Dick Cheney.
According to court filings, Professor McGovern has served as a “special master, court mediator, expert or neutral” in more than 50 cases.
23 — It was not quite 2:30 a.m. in Washington on Tuesday when Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California asked President Bush to declare an emergency because of the wildfires raging in his state.
Perhaps — how tantalizing! — a secret meeting?
But suppose that he had had them.
“Where are those people going?”
When he went from desk to desk, offering editing advice on writing assignments, he was often met with profanity.
But I am in touch with the world now.
Producers began to send wine on voyages, just for the ride.
I say that I am not surprised because Congo has suffered greatly beginning in the 1800’s when Leopold decided that he wanted it.
Dr. Ariely and two colleagues, Nina Mazar and On Amir, had 326 students take a multiple-choice general knowledge test, promising them payment for every correct answer.
There was no need for an organized play date to go down the street.
The government has taken remedial steps.
Over the past few weeks there have been a number of commentaries about Ronald Reagan’s legacy, specifically about whether he exploited the white backlash against the civil rights movement.
The entire work is quietly marvelous, and I agree with those who say that it would make a good short book.
17 — EBay, the e-commerce company, said it continued to grow quickly in the last quarter — with a few stutters related to its slowing core business running Internet auctions.
They based this on the findings of a national health survey in 2003 of 68,418 children ages 6 to 17.
“The campaign book deserves to die,” the historian Gary Wills wrote, reviewing in these pages several new entries about the 2000 election, “and it is doing its duty.”
Yahoo recently revamped its mobile search engine in an effort to make the results more relevant to mobile users, who may be more interested in things like location than users of a PC-based Internet search engine.
“It’s better to prevent somebody from breaking the law, and maybe killing or injuring someone, than to arrest them after the fact and try to prevent them from doing that again,” said Anne McCartt, senior vice president for research at the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass., Sept.
He threw out the ceremonial first pitch of a Cubs-White Sox game.
The word “swell” comes from “sóúil,” meaning luxurious, rich and prosperous, and “sucker” comes from “sách úr,” or, loosely, fat cat.
And what of the occasional explosive shell landing in the midst of war’s detritus, might it not result in even more spectacular effects?
Local officials saw it, too.
Around then, he bid farewell to the family business he had run for 22 years.
It’s comforting to know that at the height of the Cuban missile crisis, JFK found time to watch Hepburn movies by the pool with his floozy girlfriends. #2 is shot from a slightly lower camera position.
A White House spokesman, Tony Fratto, said the administration was not surprised by the override.
China has pressed the United States to cancel the award event for months.
Lohse got ahead 1-2 on Matsui, before grooving a fastball.
Had Fenton been involved in moving the cannonballs to create an effect, that would not necessarily mean that he created a fake picture.
Look right, turn right.
The reporter begins by saying: “I hope this isn’t too personal.”
Their lack of alarm may be a sign of change along Broadway, where producers and theater owners once railed against the secondary ticket market as cashing in on a show’s rightful profits.
Departing at the end of this year are Congo, Ghana, Peru, Qatar and Slovakia.
While Mr. Trpceski (pronounced terp-CHESS-kee) has a firm, warm touch, his Chopin was above all gentle and urbane, playing down the virtuosity he unquestionably has at his fingertips.
Ernestine Anderson was one of them.
His death was announced by his family.
The trial ended in 1994 after the Russian Parliament voted to give Mr. Kryuchkov and other plotters amnesty.
Natural beauty, but no weather extremes.
He hopes for what one might call "market pluralism," the flourishing of varied kinds of market economies within different cultural and political forms.
The charge was led by the Forenza, Reno and SX4, which can hit 31 miles a gallon.
Both are very dogmatic and nasty.
For example, in 2003, Merrill Lynch started the Merrill Lynch Community Charitable Fund, which allowed wealth management clients and employees to set aside money that could then be used to make donations to one of 65 community foundations (the donor chooses the foundation).
Moody’s did not identify the servicers it surveyed.
He steadily increased the length of the jumps until, on New Year's Day 1968, he was nearly killed when he jumped 151 feet across the fountains in front of Caesar's Palace.
(Knopf, $40.)
For an organ that has been scanned millions of times by experts using high-end imaging technology, the brain remains in large part a shrouded landscape, as lost in darkness as the ocean floor.
I think Yaeger brings attention to how much we seem to consume and waste in our societies, which is also a reflection of broader environmental concerns going on in the world today.
After earning degrees at Washington and Lee University and Oxford, he thrived at Yale Law School, where he developed what he calls “an allergic reaction to Yale’s left-wing jurisprudence and political correctness.”
Even some among the urban intelligentsia, who have typically viewed Mr. Zyuganov as a has-been beloved by misguided pensioners, nonetheless pulled the lever for his party last Sunday in hopes of bolstering a Putin rival.
With such high price points, Easton doesn’t offer many starter homes; buyers tend to be trading up from earlier properties, according to brokers.
This sort of decision is made regularly in nature photography where the recurrence of a photographic opportunity may be normally periodic.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
The death earlier this year of a friend, Representative Paul E. Gillmor, is not far from his mind, he said.
Machine personality could be seen in the fact that the best of the robots had path-finding capabilities that allowed them to do humanlike things.
The meters could generate $150,000 a year, Mr. Aversa estimated.
The organization has expanded into salvaging fresh produce from farms and now runs a series of mobile markets that get fruits and vegetables into poor New York neighborhoods.
Security operations in Baghdad had been “very successful in bringing down levels of violence, so it is now extremely important that the political process move forward in conditions of better security to afford Iraqis the chance to build a strong and stable nation,” Mr. Crocker told Reuters.
Most of the affected shows are half-hour comedies that are taped in front of a studio audience.
Wouldn’t it be great if people could afford to do that?
Dick Cavett’s point would be easier to accept if Don Imus himself were more of a forgiving sort.
“Obviously” a careful examination of the plates or the best prints available can determine which came first.
How in all these years had they never wanted to know me?
On the second day, the couple arrived half an hour after the 7 a.m. starting time and were sent home.
The ATP is investigating a match involving Davydenko in August in which online gambling site Betfair voided bets because of irregular betting patterns.
Can we stop attacking each other and recognize that most parents are doing their best to juggle and balance competing demands?
The question is not really whether medical marijuana is effective; it is rather, can we find an excuse to outlaw it.
I appreciate the article.
WHERE San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.
Additionally, owners have privileges at the developer’s other properties in the area, including the Resort at Squaw Creek, which offers skiing and golf just west of Lake Tahoe.
The Blue Hose (1-9) had 33 turnovers and shot 20 percent from the field, missing 17 of 18 3-point attempts.
We all should be proud of our future with young men and women like Nick.
For residents who rarely dip into the city’s night life, determining whether a prospective home falls within an all-night party zone can be tricky.
People can screw up, or fail to achieve their missions, knowing the guy at the top will protect them as long as they put his well-being ahead of anything else.
It was, as I say, a public service.
Gibbons' lawyer Kamal al-Gizouli said Sudan's president could deliver news of a pardon when he meets the British visitors.
It reminds me of the recent work by photographers Mark Klett, Byron Wolfe and Rebecca Solnit–”Yosemite in Time” at the UC Berkeley Art Museum in which they “rephotographed” classic shots of Yosemite by photographers over 150 years and then created amazing mosaics in which they traced changes in individual trees, rocks, and water formations.
Don’t knock the i-phone until yiou’ve tried it.
Mead Treadwell, an Anchorage businessman who is chairman of the Arctic Research Commission, created by Congress to advise the government on scientific and other issues in the region, said the Coast Guard’s new plans were only fair.
I think you left out, Professor Fish, that Flew’s “conversion” happened when he was, apparently, in a downward spiral of Alzheimer’s.
While school officials maintain that students have generally accepted the healthier food, the new policies have not been universally embraced.
(Nicky Barnes), Josh Brolin (Detective Trupo), Ted Levine (Lou Toback), Armand Assante (Dominic Cattano), John Ortiz (Javier J. Rivera), John Hawkes (Freddie Spearman), RZA (Moses Jones), Lymari Nadal (Eva), Yul Vazquez (Alfonse Abruzzo), Ruby Dee (Mama Lucas), Idris Elba (Tango), Carla Gugino (Laurie Roberts), Joe Morton (Charlie Williams), Ruben Santiago-Hudson (Doc), Roger Guenveur Smith (Nate), Roger Bart (United States attorney), Chuck Cooper (private doctor) and Linda Powell (social worker).
If Don Imus is as popular as he seems to be, better blame his audience.
It also finds resistance to Windows Vista among corporations.
(He is barred by term limits from seeking re-election in 2009.)
Indeed, if I were placing balls on the road – and assuming they weigh much less than ten pounds each — wouldn’t those five have been prime candidates for placement?
The Boss blustered that Froemming would never umpire another Yankee game — Froemming is, in fact, retiring after this season — but there Froemming was, working last night’s game.
Spread meringue into a rough 1-inch layer on baking sheet.
Meanwhile, Mr. Chávez and senior officials here have exhibited increasingly erratic behavior ahead of the referendum.
The relatively uniform spacing would not be espected if they had rolled into position.
And apparently testosterone levels are dropping dramatically too.
Films like “The Searchers,” John Ford’s masterpiece set in the aftermath of the Civil War, were about a national identity in construction.
“What a wonderful place!” he said.
“Reactionary stay-at-home-dad” is an oxymoron.
I didn’t know it then, but that was, in all likelihood, the last small-town American Veterans Day parade to feature a World War I veteran.
Do you KNOW the true taste of your wine by using your intellect?
Beer and wine will be $8 a glass.
14, when the young stars’ school year will have ended.
Mr. MacRae said the transition to his company was still taking place.
He won the area’s No. 1 biking plate seven times.
The fact of the matter however, particularly as it pertains to Romney’s voting and legislative influences, have shown him to be a competent and consistently conservative candidate right down the line.
APPEAL FOR JONES REJECTED The N.F.L. rejected an appeal by the players union on behalf of the suspended Titans cornerback Pacman Jones.
Striking 17-inch 5-spoke wheels are standard; 18-inch rims are an option on Sport models.
Calverton, which has buried 201,639 people since opening in 1978, is one of the largest national cemeteries.
He told the more than 300 reporters attending the race that the vehicles, once started, would perform tasks as varied as left-hand turns across oncoming traffic and pulling in and out of narrow parking spaces, all without human intervention.
Since August, the equal-weight version — which better reflects the performance of smaller, domestically oriented blue-chip companies — has fallen 1.1 percent, versus a gain of 1.3 percent for the index weighted by market cap.
He had never performed in — or even seen — the Met’s stylized 2005 production by Guy Joosten, which has a few tricky staging turns, including a love scene on a flying bed.
Thirty percent of the grade is based on overall student achievement on state tests.
If a flock of birds is migrating, only a few experienced individuals may know the route.
There he plans to continue filming new projects including “Meet the Browns,” starring Angela Bassett as a woman who leaves the Chicago projects to move in with her family in the South.
In my experience, the world's most spectacular market is in Tokyo, the Central Wholesale Market, a k a Tsukiji, or, more accurately perhaps, Fish City.
Statistics are too often not kept by national governments.
A quarter of all units — both for rent and sale — will be designated as affordable housing.
Don’t think that a well-recognized name gets you any special treatment.
I believe he is a unique individual who cuts through to the heart of a matter and will get something done.
The move triggered protests that grew into a broad campaign against his continued rule.
Peak hours are 6 to 9 a.m. and 4 to 7 p.m. on weekdays and noon to 8 p.m. on weekends.
Canadian regulators contacted Lululemon this week after a New York Times article questioned the company’s product claims, a government official said Friday.
Beneath a sort of vibrating mask of a face was written: “I just woke up from this dream where I was Adolf Hitler.”
But the fact that he is well known, combined with his production, will likely get him an invitation to New York as a finalist.
1 and serve a three-year term.
This ad contains NO message that would persuade anyone to vote for him.
Tchaikovsky knew well how to overwhelm.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who would have to approve Dr. Fryer’s proposal, has repeatedly refused to budge on the ban despite the outcries.
Fur-trimmed gloves also by Missoni.
The ground was alive with movement: violet crabs skittered in and out of holes in the earth, and armies of biting red ants carried tiny green morsels of the forest to their lairs.
That was always hype since the only state where that might have happened was New York — where health costs are especially high.
There’s no indication that action of this nature happened behind him but then this wouldn’t have been the ‘safe’ place he’d have retreated to.
With no reporters in the room — only television camera crews — FEMA’s public affairs department decided to go ahead with the event anyway.
24.
It will destroy your reputation.”
BANGKOK, Oct.
I would like to have asked Wilpon if Minaya and Randolph would be in jeopardy of losing their jobs if the Mets botch this weekend and do not play next week.
He moved to Manhattan in 1992 and through most of the 90s managed the portfolio of properties owned by the hotelier André Balazs, including the Mercer.
Off-season camp customers vary.
SCARSDALE, N.Y. — On Oct.
Nicholas Lemann, the author of "Redemption"; Stanley Crouch on the Black Panthers.
The calendar includes summer concerts, a winter holiday celebration, a fall fair and an Easter egg hunt.
The farmers said they would not grow cannabis only if the government provided an alternative source of livelihood, or improved the market for their legal crops.
The Warholian perception that nature has been blotted out or replaced by consumer culture is embodied in works throughout the exhibition.
That reality is, as your series proves, evanescent.
Is it not possible that in the time between the two photos a number of shells landed, some of them on the road?
Stretchy beanbags filled with polystyrene balls and pulled across moving points in the dinosaurs’ bodies give the appearance of muscles and fat moving under skin.
For Rich Mexicans, Parallel Lives in U.S. ANA LUISA SANCHEZ MACCISE, a Mexican citizen, is neither seeking a path to American citizenship nor living a fitful undocumented existence.
Mr. Taylor’s case will now be returned to the State Supreme Court for sentencing; because of sentencing guidelines, he will receive life without parole.
The suit accuses the school employees of failing to adequately supervise the students or maintain discipline.
This is just plain dishonest.
Over the years, he and his colleagues discovered that high-magnitude signals, like the ones created by the impact as foot hits pavement, were not the predominant signals affecting bone.
The vote was 79-14 to pass the bill.
Thunder in the clear sky.
Almost three-quarters were 75 and older; their median age was 83.2.
Hours later, Thomas walked into a College of Charleston gym, having ditched his suit and tie in favor of a black shirt and shorts adorned with Knicks logos.
He had sardonically challenged reporters to prove he was having an affair, but could he have imagined that they were, at that very moment, trying to do just that?
In the 85th minute, after a failed clearance, Solo pounced on a rebound in to keep her team safe.
It seems to me that we should believe what Fenton has told us.
He might have been on his way home, but we don’t know.
A short walk away, people approached a memorial to Taylor where the Redskins painted his number on a patch of grass near the team store -- which was under orders not to sell jerseys or other items with his name or number this day.
As they stand now, they are fairly complicated.
“We’re not subversive.
John Russ was busy, but Chris had time to look at the photographs and to do a forensic analysis.
And if that’s my opinion, then he and 23/6 are bound for popular success.
The rhetoric of those like Mr. Keller is extreme, and his use of the term “cult” naturally offends Mormons and others.
I shine my own shoes.
That sweet and earthy pumpkin, swaddled in a crisp crust, is excellent the minute it hits the table.
Hollow-cheeked, her clipped hair matted and her mouth agape, she seemed distraught, ready to scream.
JOHN FERGUSON, 68 Canadiens enforcer of the 1960s and winner of five Cups.
So far, 22,612 people have been displaced, said Ramya Siriwansa, deputy director of emergency operations at the National Disaster Management Centre.
The 2008 WRX adheres to Subaru’s established formula, taking the bare-bones Impreza compact and adding chunky plastic armor, a stout suspension and a turbocharged engine that is 54 horsepower more muscular than the base Impreza’s 170-horse power plant.
Another Schiele gouache from the collection was the two-sided “Portrait of Eduard Kosmack, Frontal, With Clasped Hands,” with “Portrait Study” on the reverse side, from 1910.
I used to vote for the libertarian candidate in the ’70’s and ’80’s before I got tired of the entire US “election” process.
A fourth was not needed largely because of Ubaldo Jiménez, a 23-year-old rookie who was in the minors as recently as mid-July.
If you had any class and humanity at all, you would not have intruded on the Nixons’ dinner time.
The Clash did not invent punk — who did is the subject of endless argument among partisans of Malcolm McLaren, John Lydon and the Ramones — but the band was decisive in infusing its raw, raging energy with a sense of ethical integrity and political commitment.
The big gotcha is that niggling little rule that says, “Small phone, small keyboard.”
They’re the same, he’s saying.
Tourists to this virtual Cambridge will be able to click their way along a Brattle Street rendered in realistic detail, and move through the computer-generated interiors of dozens of nearby shops and institutions.
When he took over the Canucks, they were mired in on-ice and ticket-sales mediocrity, and he turned them into a perennial playoff contender.
The candidate most enthusiastic about lawyers seems to be Mr. Romney, who has business and law degrees from Harvard but chose business.
The new law treats all celebrities the same, regardless of when they died.
And the Qatar Investment Fund said it had acquired 20 percent of the London exchange.
They will make sure she gets help…I hope she will be okay.
Even as he sought legislative common ground with Senate Republicans, he talked of his desire to put Democrats in control of the chamber.
If writers were to strike before scripts are delivered, tens of millions of dollars already spent, and hundreds of millions in future revenue, could be lost.
“Donnie Darko” evoked the nuclear dread of an ’80s childhood.
Happy eating, and Happy Thanksgiving, by the way.
Moving forward, Minaya and Randolph may want to use a new measuring stick.
Reynolds, who struck out both times he faced Marmol in the regular season, laid off the slider and sat on a fastball.
At the same time, performance in other academic disciplines like math and science is dipping for students whose access to books is limited, and employers are rating workers deficient in basic writing skills.
How much do we want to live?
These playful if expensive sculptures by the artist Jeff Koons could be a metaphor for the glittered frenzy of this fall’s major auctions, which open on Tuesday with a sale of Impressionist and modern art at Christie’s.
Wednesday.
Rudi Schmid, the son of two general practitioners, was born in Ennenda, Switzerland.
Others have accused Dr. Lorente of nationalist bias, of covering up results that suggest Columbus was a Jew and of withholding a historical treasure from the Western world.
Valentine probably wouldn’t be shocked to learn of reports that Dr. Clifford Bias, the founder of the Universal Spiritualist Association, would hold séances in a chapel off the lobby.
At first I was working from memory, but then I reached the point where I wanted to consult the list.
Rather, security experts said the resolution would be used mainly to force the United States to act against the Kurdish militants, who attack Turkey from their bases in northern Iraq.
They bought it in 1999 for $125,000.
The Secession group, which included Josef Hoffmann, an architect, and the painters Koloman Moser and Gustav Klimt, held workshops to encourage other painters, cabinetmakers, silversmiths, jewelry makers, leather workers and bronze founders to broaden the audience for artworks.
Which ideas do you mean?
General Arshad said that at least 150 militants had been killed in the battles, which first erupted Saturday when an army truck was ambushed.
Only Cairo, among world capitals, had worse air quality as measured by particulates, according to the World Bank.
Aides to the country’s leader note that the News Corporation’s former partner in the station, Badri Patarkatsishvili, who is Georgia’s richest man (and no friend of Vladimir Putin, by the way), has grown increasingly hostile toward Mr. Saakashvili and is now planning to run against him.
It could attract far more scientists because the new technique is easier to master, and there would be no bureaucratic obstacles or denunciations.
Not because of any primal love for huge crowds packed into small spaces, but because we live in the New York area, and everything in New York is about real estate, even (and especially) the daily commute.
He also helped found Art of the Olympians, a program to help fellow Olympians promote their art work.
First-generation M3s almost never appear at collector car auctions.
A Lower Profile for the Al Smith Dinner?
Businesses, particularly in New York, claim that without the program they will not be able to get insurance coverage for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological attacks.
If they don’t, other D members of Kucinich’s caliber need to replace the D’s that voted to kill Den’s profile of courageous action.
The additional cannonballs that can be *clearly* identified are located in the near-field.
Comment no.
THE power grab last weekend by Pakistan’s president, Pervez Musharraf, cleverly timed to stall the Western reaction for 48 hours, was essentially a coup against himself.
Do you want a bunch of untrained drivers on the road or don’t you?
Abdirahman and Keflezighi met when they were in college, Abdirahman at Arizona and Keflezighi at U.C.L.A. They talked of their similar backgrounds and quickly became friends.
Had BBDO asked the right questions of the right people before the ads ran they perhaps might have hit on a better idea.
Ms. Gordon said Barnard discouraged immersion in New York’s publishing world, urging students to struggle with craft and read.
You cannot have patriotism w/o sacrifice.
All the same, the idea of being part of Coulter’s scheme of perfection makes me want to vomit.
There she is, “demurely holding her tennis racket and appearing to be engrossed by a volume of English poetry,” even if the book happens to be upside down.
Sarah Treem’s comic debut is about an aspiring composer who comes home to deal with her mother’s marital crisis.
Yes, we’re all responsible for each other in ethical theory, but that begins with ourselves and the person or person closest to us.
In his other life, David is an Emmy-winning correspondent for CBS News, a frequent contributor to NPR's "Morning Edition," creator of the Missing Manual series of computer books, and father of three.
And since icons in Leopard are actual miniatures of the documents they represent, it’s nice to have a preview of what you’re about to open.
NEW CZECH FILMS (Today through Sunday) The Czech cinema achieved international recognition in the 1960s, producing filmmakers like Milos Forman and Ivan Passer before the relaxed censorship of the Prague Spring was brought to an end by the Soviet invasion of 1968.
Dr. Orgel and others began to pose seminal questions about DNA’s biochemical origins in the 1960s, as the molecular structure of DNA, or deoxyribonucleic acid, was being unraveled and its role as a storehouse of genetic instructions was becoming more widely understood.
Among the festival’s lineup of 64 narrative and documentary films in competition, there are 29 features from first-time directors in a diversity of voices and perspectives calling to mind that of the blogosphere.
Despite one of the game’s best serves, and a tall, rangy physique that usually goes with the job description, he has not become an elite net player.
Not perfect because it is difficult to tell the difference between cannonballs and rocks.
This movie has been designated a Critic's Pick by the film reviewers of The Times.
Also, I went to that WebmasterWorld forum and tried to get some info about providers that other members used and the moderators there won’t let anybody post links or even share provider info privately through stickymail.
Allied planes tore through the clouds overhead, coming and going from bombing raids on Germany, dodging antiaircraft fire from below.
This is ridiculous.
IN THE COUNTRY OF MEN.
David Yassky Term limits are causing many City Council members to consider new elective offices.
The latest round comes on Thursday, when Senate Republicans are expected to question Kristine Hamann, the inspector general and a Spitzer appointee, during a public hearing into the State Police imbroglio.
Of course, pop-up stores have been around for some time.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
They haven’t watched TV for ten years.
And what that’s going to do is: every new pixel is going to be made up of original pixels from before, and will produce much better averages and give you tonality.
Events are the wheels of the social whirl.
In New York on Tuesday, crude oil for October delivery rose 74 cents, to settle at a record $78.23 a barrel.
I kept on rubbing you and I told you, you'll remember, about another beach, far away in Scotland, where, I said, your daddy "proposed" to me.
Now, as the director, Robert B. Weide, fine-tunes his initial edit and helps prepare a three-minute show reel of the $28 million feature for the weeklong American Film Market in Santa Monica, Calif., opening on Oct.
An hour?
Callahan came in saying he would “flip the culture.”
In this village, a long line of supplicants received sacks of rice, lentils and salt, and the country’s neighbors, allies and rivals seemed to fall over themselves to offer charity and succor.
He is survived by his wife, Anne; his sons Dave, Tim and Mark, of Centennial; Matt, of Golden, Colo., and Ned, of Baker City, Ore.; his daughters Mollie McDonald and Amy Puchino, of Centennial; Sally Dill, of Englewood, Colo., and Julie Ratterman-Boryla, of Greenwood Village, Colo.; 23 grandchildren and 9 great-grandchildren.
In the last few years, scientists have discovered that many female birds will fine-tune the dose of testosterone and other androgens they inject into eggs depending on a range of environmental cues.
And indeed, collections have increased significantly, to some $24 billion in 2006 from $12 billion in 1996, helping many families avoid penury.
That made my brother no less very difficult for them to deal with, even for my brothers who aided him.
It said prices would rise by 9.1 percent for gasoline and 9.9 percent for diesel, but added that prices at some retailers could increase nearly twice that much.
A University of California Berkeley-trained engineer, Kluver had collaborated with a number of artists, including John Cage, Robert Rauschenberg and Andy Warhol.
They dropped Ira at the hotel.
Doing nothing guarantees me less conflict.
Tisch estimated that he spent 35 percent of his time on the East Coast.
After nightfall, Hamas forces began arresting Fatah activists involved in planning the rally, Fatah officials said, and confiscated computers and documents from a Fatah media office.
The lead prosecutor, Michael F. Vecchione, strongly hinted of his inclination yesterday morning in remarks addressed to Justice Gustin L. Reichbach, who is presiding over the nonjury trial.
It is the duty of the academy to comment logically and responsibly to assist the public in making political decisions.
They can put a premium on the issuance of false information by the government in order to increase its power or the wealth of its cronies.
But the pattern is repeated over and over, indicating that the Senator prefers to waffle.
This evening Fergus Henderson, the chef at St. John in London, will cook dinner at the Spotted Pig, 314 West 11th Street, (212) 620-0393, starting at 5:30 p.m.
According to Eva Talel, a Manhattan co-op and condo lawyer, the five-year period begins at the time of the closing of the first apartment in the building.
IN the dressing room of an Atlantic City nightclub, furnished by the request of its current occupant with cheese steaks from the White House Sub Shop and a full array of Tastykake snacks, Jerry Seinfeld was explaining the stand-up comedy ritual of “getting in the bubble”: a state of mind that a performer seeks before show time, a few final moments of calm before the tumult of an unpredictable live audience.
But creating a megacity from scratch, it seems, takes a village.
I never wanted to be an astronaut.
Under the current rules, Iraqis traveling to Syria get their passports stamped, but do not wait for long in border lines and do not pay for entry.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan, Dec.
A dose of Ritalin will often relieve those symptoms, just as it will wake up a sleepy truck driver, but is it the right thing to do?
Then, thankfully, the truck was able to stop, inches from us, and the incident was over.
Totally unconvincing.
Or they could find reason for hope, and a little schadenfreude, in the series of snafus that have rattled candidates lately on the trail — despite the presence of political strategists plotting every detail with the tactical precision of five-star generals.
It was only when she had a grand mal seizure in the summer of 2003 that she went to a neurologist and was given brain scans, which revealed a large tumor in her right temporal lobe.
Until we achieve a consensus on what to do, we have to acknowledge their existence.
Will you declare the Iraq War to be a victory for our military and that the United States has no further vital national interest in continuing the occupation of Iran, a sovereign notion; and will you immediately begin a scheduled withdrawal of our brave and glorious troops, who have given all that they had to give?
Lowell, who will turn 34 in February, had the best season of his career in 2007, batting .324, with 21 homers and 120 runs batted in.
Ms. Nichols, who works in sales for Johnson & Johnson, estimated that she would have spent $4,000 on tickets, hotel, dinner and transportation, not including the shopping she was planning to do.
At the East Village Community School, for example, 60 percent of the students met state standards in reading, but the school received an A, largely because of the improvement it showed over 2006, when 46.3 percent of its students met state standards.
With the Baghdad surge, the official assessments have come in orderly installments, from the Petraeus testimony to reports from the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction and the Government Accountability Office.
On Aug.
He fought the Reagan administration’s efforts to restrict the power of federal courts in immigration and asylum cases and in the 1990s campaigned against Congressional efforts to tighten immigration severely.
Automakers would not be required to cover their entire liability in the trust, but it would be in the union’s interest to get as big an investment as possible to ensure its soundness.
The attribution of the 914’s zippy shape is as difficult as was its life in the market.
The E.P.A. rates the fuel economy at 19 miles a gallon in town and 24 highway, measured by the ’08 test standards.
I was trained to fight an enemy that is there not three blocks away with a cell phone calling a detonation.
So far, more than 2,000 job seekers have registered.
But I can’t remember the title of the one we saw that night, only that the theater was nearly empty and we didn’t say much while we waited for the feature to start.
And then, when I next looked, we were passing the water’s edge, and there was the moon just beginning to glow, though the night was too muggy for the water to catch the moon’s reflection.
Meanwhile Rinaldo, Giselda’s former (and still enamored) suitor, reclaims her.
Suffering business owners and workers were doing their own dancing and singing at the news that a tentative agreement had been reached.
They say that the hall is destroying a distinctive part of New York life, a haven for arts professionals.
Their kids already appear to be outdoing them on the unhappiness scale.
Engineers and computer scientists acknowledge that despite advances in recent decades, the computer industry is still lagging in its ability to write parallel programs.
He said that “the scientists have very clearly outlined the severity of the problem,” and that the world knows enough to act.
That being said, Imus has suffered enough and we have suffered enough without him.
Toyota is also concerned that plug-in owners might tire of connecting their cars every day.
Recently, however, the use of B.P.A.-based plastics in food containers has questioned in Canada by Environmental Defence , a Toronto-based group.
The instructors, Ms. Taube and Stacey Begalla, ran the $350 course like field marshals.
Since then, the prices of wheat and 53 other “essential household items” have continued to rise, according to government statistics released last Saturday.
Last year, Toyota overtook G.M. as the world’s biggest automaker.
The only thing that is simple about the Mind hypothesis is that it is easy to express in human language - which is probably the reason it continues to be attractive despite being profoundly illogical.
The administration’s brief, signed by Solicitor General Paul D. Clement, responds to briefs filed in late August on behalf of the two groups of detainees who are seeking a full judicial review of their designation as enemy combatants.
The Shapey album is one.
The campaign is aimed at assuring that mention of Jewish refugees is included in future General Assembly and Human Rights Council resolutions and commemorations.
She is being followed.
But she remains its most productive midwife.
Pardon the imitation of the thoroughly unlikable Andy Rooney, but why aren’t our joke tellers likable anymore?
Both skills helped Zabar’s gain a national following in the 1970s.
I don’t have migraines; my husband does.
Some of the new active video games burn more calories than walking on a treadmill, the American Academy of Pediatrics reported last year in its medical journal.
In an unlikely season that has included devastating injuries, plans for games to be played in Toronto and weekly announcements about who would start at quarterback, a victory over the Patriots would seem a fitting — if utterly improbable — outcome.
On Saturday afternoon, offices of a political party affiliated with the P.K.K. were shut in at least two northern Iraqi cities.
First shown at the Paris auto show in 2004, the two-seat roadster, powered by lithium-ion batteries, has a claimed top speed of 100 m.p.h. and a one-hour charging time.
If you want to see the leaves up close, hike into the park or the refuge — both have well-kept trails.
There is merely an accepted practice of getting model releases.
Boeing’s point man on the job was Ed Nowinski, an engineer who had become a top government spy satellite expert during 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency.
But Democrats said “success” in Iraq was an illusion.
“Clearly a result of doing this, controversies about consumer magazine ads won’t be there in 2008,” she added.
Those seeking a claim to the state’s 54 delegates to the Democratic National Convention can start to file their paperwork on Monday, and have until Nov.
He wrangled regularly with Democrats, the majority party in the legislature, vetoing 229 bills during his four years in office.
Is college really necessary?
The slaves were ubiquitous in Mitchell’s original, the supporting structure of the civilization she was defending and, in her view, largely happy with their lot.
As one of the few minority students at rural Onondaga — Hart is biracial — he encountered racism.
The gossamer strands, slowly overtaking a lakefront peninsula, emit a fetid odor, perhaps from the dead insects entwined in the silk.
Beginning with the “Harry Potter”-like title, it’s obvious that this film is aimed at girls raised on J. K. Rowling and R. L. Stine.
Universal has told MySpace and other social networks that had allowed members to play some of its songs on their pages that they now can only offer 90-second excerpts unless they pay for the music.
Likewise, sales of one of Mr. Lutz’s earlier favorites, the Pontiac Solstice sports car, have dropped 17.5 percent from 2006, despite a strong start.
What are you?
It isn’t going to happen without a major shove.
“Like I said, I’m going to wait and find out what’s going to happen,” Rivera said.
Keep up the good work, Dick.
My daughter, like a lot of freshmen, won’t know which textbooks she needs to buy until she completes registration on the eve of starting classes; some books she may need immediately.
(Fox) NASHVILLE From the imaginations that conjured up “Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County” comes this country-spun documentary soap set in what is billed as “the biggest small town in America.”
His work ethic helped him rise quickly, and he even learned to drive an 18-wheeler loaded with steel.
Pepy said arsonists had damaged cabling on the eastern TGV line, preventing trains from running since 6.00 a.m.
(Sadly, many people heard only the bluster, never the actual response.)
For the first time, each of the company’s brands — including Nina Kids for children and Nina Dolls for teenage girls — has its own showroom and separate design studio, according to Rick Focke, the director of design and a senior principal at HOK.
Jeff Gammage, an adoptive father, on his attempts to foster a sense of Chinese culture in his daughter.
(I agree with Cindy Bradley on this.)
When costs and convenience are comparable, the banking company HSBC Group flies its employees on the airline with the most fuel-efficient fleet.
I wouldn't want some of these items in my house, but, like everything at ZaZa, they make for a memorable stay.
The service was created by Congress in 1991 to assure that independent voices had a place in the media landscape.
He hit Burress with a 15-yard completion over the middle on third-and-9 from the Atlanta 47.
The flower helped her feel fulfilled.
“If we get sun to the end of August, things look positive: A bumper crop of berries and less bear activity in the valley.
The next day, a Thursday I think, I thought he would probably apologize for the remarks as he often did.
I got excited.
13 — European regulators refused Tuesday to approve Google’s $3.1 billion purchase of the Internet advertising company DoubleClick.
Cashman said he has been in contact with Pettitte and his agents and that Pettitte has not asked for a contract extension.
That line probably won’t play in Bay Ridge.
Basically we had a way of moving the CG character’s eyeball based upon the record.
Some people know the town of Roslyn from the television show “Northern Exposure.”
Last week, Senator Carl Levin, Democrat of Michigan and chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said after visiting Iraq that Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki should be ousted for making such poor progress in bridging his country’s sectarian differences.
256 pp.
She also had 14 points and 4 steals in the Sooners’ defeat by top-ranked Tennessee.
The season-opening 45-35 loss to the Dallas Cowboys could have a lasting effect beyond the standings.
Evan Rachel Wood and Jim Sturgess are archetypal lovers, swept up by the counterculture, who ride the rough seas of radical politics and psychedelia. ★ ‘TERROR’S ADVOCATE’ (No rating, 132 minutes, in English and French) In this documentary Barbet Schroeder untangles the life of Jacques Verges, a French lawyer whose early involvement in the war for Algerian independence led him to defend monsters like Carlos the Jackal and the Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie.
Before last night’s slopfest (3 cheers for the Rockies grounds crew), I rode my bike through the rain to watch a few innings of an intra-squad baseball game at the University of Minnesota.
I feel very strongly on that matter.
And thanks also to the thoughtful and smart people who contributed.
“We’re reviewing the whole program,” he said.
“I don’t know of an intelligence-gathering operation in the world that, when given a new toy, doesn’t use it,” said Steve Vickers, a former head of criminal intelligence for the Hong Kong police who now leads a consulting firm.
As for the city, a recent examination conducted by the Department of Investigation found substantial failings in the oversight of many foster care agencies, minority or otherwise.
Sally did not respond, which, she said, very much annoyed Dude’s owner.
After the war, he developed a solo act, appearing in New York clubs and attracting the attention of television producers.
It was easy to spot other Kei cars because of their special black and yellow license plates.
Patrick Hogan, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Airports Commission, which runs the airport and handled the prosecution of the case, said the prosecutor will oppose Craig's motion.
A quick ouster in last season’s playoffs did not help his cause.
Of course, there are solutions.
Told my son if the fire department doesn’t deal properly with it there’ll be a catastrophe.
Onlookers noticed Dolan standing in his own fumes for several minutes after the Marbury meltdown against the Miami Heat was complete.
Life with no television at home is great.
You are just going to try to make me look bad.
At the same time, they have prevented the governor from installing some important aides.
Although the river is only 100 yards from her apartment, Ms. Solomon, a 25-year-old mother of two, cannot see it from her window.
When his flayed stomach coughs up his trademark, tape-recorded guide to dank dungeons filled with elaborately trussed victims, law enforcement is as ineffective as ever in halting the carnage.
In interviews at the time he expressed concern that he would basically have to mutilate his movie, which then ran nearly three hours, if he ever hoped to get it released.
Along the way, the company dismissed its chief executive and chief financial officer.
A Citigroup spokeswoman declined to comment.
That’s important because “we the people,” not Prof. Fish and his rarefied circle, are the ones who, in the aggregate, run the Rube Goldberg contraption that is America’s political system — and most of them know nothing about it.
The two more Grand Slam victories that Federer needs to tie Pete Sampras’s career record seem easily in reach.
It would give away too much to reveal what happens to these distinctly nondarling siblings, whose outbursts and moments of hilarious, often voluble cruelty border on the shrill and the unspeakable.
ON came before OFF.
Earlier this year, the National Parks Conservation Association, a nonprofit group that fights for improvements throughout the park system and annually rates the most distressed parks, gave Gateway the lowest marks for the condition of its natural and cultural (meaning educational) resources of any of the 28 parks and federally protected areas it surveyed.
So automakers, including Tesla, are again assuring Americans that practical, affordable E.V.’s are on the way.
But.
All five of the other residents followed, as well as the cook, the two maids and eventually the twin gardeners.
The congressman, tossing souvenir cups from a fire truck in a town parade, was met with shouts of “Hey Bobby!” from the rural whites lining the route.
Neither would comment further.
Q: Is there a method worked out that allows Mr. Jernigan to read responses to his posts?
Paris, by contrast, gives off the air of the sophisticated and the secular.
Professor Flanagan said he found Mr. Molinaro’s attack on the practice of avoiding potential conflicts of interest, one of the standards of the legal system, puzzling.
A spokesman for Subway Restaurants, Mack Bridenbaker, said his company noticed the Honda spot’s appearance before his company’s spot, by the MMB agency in Boston, which features the Subway spokesman, Jared Fogle, and the football player Reggie Bush as the odd couple.
After the bombing, police announced a state of emergency in Ramadi and set up additional checkpoints throughout the city, Rashid said.
Plate umpire Joe West hesitated, but catcher Jason Varitek rose from his crouch to run to the mound.
There will be another after the boys go, and I won’t have lost a thing.
Maybe we do not want the next member of the skull and bones, but instead a child who does not cry when he comes in from playing outside because the neighborhood children do not want to play with him - which we can see is caused by the fact that he can not concentrate long enough to listen to what other people have to say and/or he does not have the ability to share.
After hundreds of years of world domination, I finally become a middle-aged, white male just in time for that to be an oppressed minority!
He even told me he wants to take his romances more seriously.
She makes it her business to berate clients who eat poorly, and decides whether to use light-emitting diodes, mild peels or blue, red and green light therapy.
They were preparing to record a scene for the show’s forthcoming second season when a booming voice came over the loudspeaker.
In 1991 my mother died.
To get a +/- 5% margin of error, you must complete 376 surveys where each respondent interprets exactly each question in the same way.
We saw most of the interior central corridor of Iraq, from north to south.
The second thing that is clear from looking at the original prints is that there are NOT more balls overall in ON.
I think that was the best part of being a kid in the 1970s.
Reflective films are metallic; absorptive films have dyes, pigments or ceramics in them.
Group performances were more benign.
To reach the house from the New York State Thruway, take Exit 19 (Kingston), cross the Kingston-Rhinecliff Bridge over the Hudson River and drive south on Route 9 into Rhinebeck.
Coach Les Miles said by telephone that he was concerned that Flynn had thrown an interception in each of his last five games, but said he still had confidence in him.
He had confided in Miss Skattergoods with enthusiasm.
Still, he sat by his locker, with music pumping out of an unused digital music player, and calmly discussed Boston’s possible passing.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $27.)
“I don’t understand why he continues to have this rope-a-dope that’s not going to go anywhere,” Ms. Perino said.
The Rockets shot 42 percent, and that was boosted by hitting 50 percent in the opening quarter.
What we were exposed to in 9th grade, these kids, boys and girls, are dealing with at age 10, and that’s way too young.
His was the most the most beautiful and graceful batting swing I have ever seen;I guess one might say that he and Frank were the greatest swingers of their time—–or any time!!
Parents like Ms. O’Brien do not permit a total pig-out, however.
With support from lawyers, judges and a wide public following, Mr. Chaudhry led a street-style political campaign against his summary firing that helped fuel popular sentiment against General Musharraf.
I would think not many with the Russians playing snooker with the 68 pounders.
It would seem to me that Flew has merely accepted the doctrine of Deism, as I understand it, and not necessarily a more elaborate set of dogma associated with most monotheistic religions.
With Daniel Phillips as first violinist, the musicians dug into Bartok’s jazzy, propulsive rhythms, vividly illuminating the colorful tonal effects and timbres and the witty banter of the fiery finale.
You’ll find a full biography of the couple at Civil War Studies, a Web site supported by associates of the Smithsonian Institution.
And state and federal governments strain to meet the expanding costs of public programs like Medicaid and Medicare.
Taken alone each film on the list is in some way exemplary, but each is also enriched and complicated by its companion.
Fenton came out, and took another picture (ON) before the soldiers had a chance to collect the cannonballs from the road again.
Nor did he make a reference to one of his administration’s biggest foreign-policy concerns: Iran’s nuclear program.
Mr. Lieber said he saw his new position as an opportunity to help shape a city he has grown to love since moving here from Colorado 30 years ago.
The Big Three automakers have warned that complying with the new fuel economy rules will cost them tens of billions of dollars and rob consumers of choices.
Meanwhile, gang- and drug-related violence are on the rise, as are attacks on women.
Directed by Izhar Harpaz and produced by NBC News Productions.
“You see it in sectors like food, consumer products and transport companies,” he said.
By the standards of the new “Jackass” landscape, traditional stardom, with its career building stations-of-the-cross, its rigid talent requirements, its “Entourage” shtick, seems clunky and out of step with a culture so much more fluid now that a hit record — like the recent Internet sensation “I’ll Kill Him,” by Soko — could emerge from a young French woman’s bedroom and MySpace page.
He is the author of “And a Bottle of Rum: A History of the New World in 10 Cocktails.”
Matt Daus, who heads the taxi commission, which is independent of the mayor, was initially reluctant, but once he learned of the health and other benefits, he joined forces with Messrs. Yassky and Hidary, and the measure passed the City Council by 50 to 0 on June 30, 2005.
The Last thing we need is ANYONE controlling other’s behavior.
If so, capuchin monkeys are a lot more complicated than we thought.
The bullet damaged the femoral artery in Taylor's leg, causing significant blood loss.
Those messages, though, can be a head-scratching hodgepodge of colors, symbols and phrases.
These victims in the offing deserve a heads-up on what they’re likely to find, which is service so confused and food so undistinguished it wouldn’t pass muster at half the cost.
One cool thing about this car is that it has paddle shifters on the steering column.
Had I not had my mother most likely I would have styed home until my kids spoke well enough that I would have been comfortable leaving them in day care.
But dire problems with the project were discovered in inspections in August and September 2006 by the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction, an independent agency led by Stuart W. Bowen Jr.
And making her company debut with remarkable aplomb as Stéphano was Isabel Leonard, a young Juilliard graduate who sang with the assurance of one who feels completely at home on the stage, wielding an easy mezzo that went up from an amber-colored lower register to an impressive, sopranolike top.
The other man with a gun, Michael McClinton, said on Tuesday that Mr. Simpson asked to see his concealed weapon permit prior to the incident.
Just when the Knicks might have thought things could not get worse, they did.
Share prices of retailers have risen this year, even though some reported slower profit growth than analysts estimated, as investors realized that the value of the companies’ real estate was not reflected in their share prices and they expected the companies to sell their property, lease it back and pass some of the proceeds back to them.
But they are less outraged, or at least more abstractly outraged, at the economic conditions that go along with racism.
Those polled had a broad range of ideas about what should be done, from those who supported efforts to make illegal immigrants citizens to those who favored mass deportations.
She insisted that the hotels wanted you to take them as advertisements, but everyone knew otherwise.
Do you admit your ignorance?
He might also question why someone would go to enormous trouble to get the hard-to-obtain cactus when LSD and any number of other drugs are available.
Called “Heroes,” the television commercial goes up in Iowa.
Google may benefit in other ways.
But Mr. Corbijn and Mr. Greenhalgh, to their credit, do not presume to probe the depths of Mr. Curtis’s psychology, or to find the hidden emotional sources of his songs.
But if you were there as an observer, you could have seen that images don’t really survive the process of being slapped on paper.
Such families have an affirmative obligation to support the community from which they gain so much.
Dr. Fryer said the program would begin in January and involve 10,000 to 15,000 students at four city charter schools run by the Knowledge Is Power Program and 20 schools run by New Visions for Public Schools, a nonprofit group.
Jeffries had season-ending surgery on the same ligament in 2002, his rookie year with Washington.
Each show is sponsored by a single national advertiser, and the ads are often interactive.
It is part of their job as educators and one of the best reasons for granting tenure–to speak out on important issue.
Resting metabolic rates, though, differ from individual to individual and also differ depending on age, gender, body mass, body composition and level of fitness, so guessing at your resting rate also is fraught with error.
Beckett, 27, may still be anchoring the Red Sox’ rotation when Roger Clemens is pitching for the Houston chapter of AARP.
“Then they brought in the dogs,” she said.
Howie attended most of Chris’s home games, and he plans to be in the stands Saturday.
Last year, it was a stay at a remote lodge in the Amazon, and before that, an ascent of Mount Kilimanjaro.
Wake up–Hillary is innocent on this one issue, as Mr. Fish correctly says–but on the larger charge of being a dishonest equivocator and murky, manipulative triangulator, Hillary is 1,000 percent guilty, and no sane Democrat should think that she is the best answer to our profound national problems.
“We’re not the Tigers,” Rockies first baseman Todd Helton said.
Tech is making women much more independent than they used to be: now a day you can see a woman driving a passenger bus; before, they could not, for the steering wheels were to heavy to maneuver, now it can be maneuver with the tip of the finger.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
Most geologists teaching at Christian colleges in the United States today say they do not believe in a young earth; they typically argue that a “day” in Genesis does not necessarily mean a literal 24-hour day, or that there could have been long gaps between the days.
A bit later, when asked specifically about experience running the economy, Mr. Obama fought back.
In the new “RoS Indexical,” on Nov.
WITH: Cate Blanchett (Queen Elizabeth I), Geoffrey Rush (Francis Walsingham), Clive Owen (Walter Raleigh), Rhys Ifans (Robert Reston), Jordi Molla (King Philip II of Spain), Abbie Cornish (Bess Throckmorton) and Samantha Morton (Mary Stuart).
He lives in Washington.
Susan Sahim, the managing agent for the complex, said the new owners have taken good care of the property and the tenants, and she accused Mrs. Shields of having “a political agenda.”
One reason, Western diplomats said, was the belief that the court had interfered too much with the executive branch.
The best video games are more inventive, exciting and rewarding than most summer action movies.
The downtown has small storefronts with an antiques shop, an art gallery, a restored railroad-car diner called Kiss the Chef, a bakery called Vito’s, and a coffee shop called Mo’ Joe, which has brownies worth breaking a diet for.
Gov. Patrick was right when he said that Senator Obama’s campaign is “Not about connections or convenience, but about conviction.”
Michael Metz, the chief investment strategist at Oppenheimer & Company, was even more dismissive of traders who, he said, have bid up oil prices.
But Prince Saud signaled just how tough the refugee issue, in particular, would be.
They were just very hands off and also rather emotionally remote, like, I think, many parents at that time.
The Big Ten’s reputation has been hammered this season since Michigan, which was ranked No. 5 in the preseason, lost to Appalachian State in the opener.
At the company’s annual meeting in May, Mr. Buffett said he would consider a deal as large as $60 billion.
What I do care about is the process you, and others, went through.
Credit to you Dick Cavett for not bowing down to the lynch mob mentality that the corporations and “outraged” spokespeople induced.
‘THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA’ Who was that masked man, anyway? (2:30).
It is relaxed, following the 8-to-10 mile-an-hour pace of the cruise, and there is no television, no Internet, no piped-in music.
“I could sum up my whole game by saying I wasn’t aggressive,” said Sabathia, who threw 44 strikes and 41 balls.
During rush hour, traffic gridlock is constant, and so for the religious-minded, residing in a faith-based community makes logistical sense.
One euro was worth $1.48 last week, compared with $1.32 this time last year.
It is a work of nonfiction, not a novel.
One millimeter separated the ball back from the baseline, a fitting emblem for the narrowest margins that Federer only needed and Djokovic only squandered.
Chinese authorities have contemplated a range of measures to take some of the heat out of the mainland markets, including a limited plan for Chinese investors to buy stocks in Hong Kong.
They have focused on ratcheting up pressure for action on the Sudanese Government, the United Nations and China.
Other remote tutoring services generally offer hourly rates of $20 to $30 instead of the $40 to $60 hourly charges typical of on-site tutoring.
PetroChina’s Hong Kong-listed H shares dropped 8.1 percent, to 18 Hong Kong dollars, or $2.32.
Going through “The Nine” is a bit like reading one of those Roger Angell essays on a recent World Series: the writing is exquisite, but the game’s been over awhile.
Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen & Company, said that the delay gave Boeing that “chance to do it right” and added that it should not hurt Boeing in its competition with Airbus, which suffered after announcing a six-month delay in its A380 superjumbo jet in June 2006.
By contrast, G.M. workers walked off the job for two days in late September and Chrysler workers struck for about six hours last month before the union reached new contracts that have since been approved.
She dutifully got out her brushes and her palette and her paints, but still she could not shake the feeling.
Line items identified only as “fees due” and “additional fees and costs” totaled another $8,525.
I expect it has more to do with simple geography.
Again, no surprise there.
I gave up watching the nightly news when the three former anchors were lost to us, replaced by news midgets.
First, the Sox will never become the Yankees, at least not in terms of the way the club is run.
Instead it was the English who made an error, committing an obstruction as they tried to start another attack from halfway.
But she has mostly failed to populate it with fully fleshed people, which means that Beckett’s struggling humanity stands even less of a chance than usual of winning.
So intent is Mr. Burns on seeming to show “typical” soldiers that he never informs us that some of the central interviewees are in fact distinguished academics and writers.
The Rev. Al Sharpton: Isiah stays.
I see a face with features I got from my Korean family, and expressions I got from my American one.
So how did the Manhattan Project get its name, and why was Manhattan chosen as its first headquarters?
Ilya Shtulberg, an engineer with the firm, says the cast-iron facade is “in decent shape” and will be secured with stainless-steel pins.
When I met my birth mother in 1988 she let me know how disappointed she was in me.
A photo of Linzay rested on a nearby shelf.
That Tim Russert would attempt to sandbag the Democratic front-runner shouldn’t come as any surprise to people who watched him play the same role against Al Gore in the 2000 Presidential debate against George Bush, when he virtually accused Gore of lying, while doing nothing more than lobbing one soft pitch after another up to Bush.
The chariot disappeared by the early 1970s, though, much like aliens in Roswell, N.M., there were chariot sightings long afterward.
The current drift is toward the traditional Thanksgiving model — many younger people eat little or no breakfast and consume most of their calories later in the day.
On the basis of that report, the commission updated its allocations, using 2015 as the new deadline.
I am an outsider to these issues.
Student have fewer options for activities and are told to keep moving.
Representative George Miller, the California Democrat who is head of the committee, said he planned to introduce legislation early next year to create a federal role in regulating the industry, a move that the ranking Republican, Representative Howard P. McKeon of California, said he would most likely support.
There was no doubt about Holliday's shot.
Tears began to fall immediately as the adopted adults looked for and saw our own reflections in their tiny faces.
What is it about overblown egos that is so fascinating?
At Mac’s Backs Paperbacks, a used bookstore in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, employees are dealing with the influx of shopdropped works by local poets and playwrights by putting a price tag on them and leaving them on the shelves.
Of course, the real number of casualties was 12.
It is a double whammy because his schools do not differentiate instruction for gifted children, which means that he is often very bored and because of his ADD finds it hard to stay focused when bored.
The archetypal western hero is a complicated figure, and the world he inhabits is a place of flux and contradiction.
Q. Would you advocate a ban on coral mining?
District officials said their annual electricity bill of $3 million dropped by $239,000 in the first year alone.
Maybe I had just gotten older.
If I came upon the ON scene, I would first grab the easy pickings from the road.
Yahoo helps more than 40,000 small Web businesses run their sites and manage e-commerce transactions.
Rabbi Knobel said: “That was deliberate because there is such diversity of practice now within the Reform movement.
Now that’s good watchin’!
It has been a mixed bag in the Big 12 with Missouri’s victory at Illinois, Oklahoma’s victory over Miami and Texas’s victory over No. 19 T.C.U. counting in the conference’s favor.
Countries must receive a two-thirds majority of votes to win places on the Council.
The academy’s Committee on Injury, Violence and Poison Prevention and the Council on School Health pointed out that “school bus crash data are incomplete, and that injuries cannot be reliably estimated.
In response, the Parole Board delayed Mr. Raheem’s scheduled Jan.
I thought the music did it justice, and vice versa.
Those who search for “Graco strollers,” for example, will be shown other strollers if no Graco items are available.
Now they are being told by an expert advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration that there is no evidence that the commonly used cold remedies actually ease the symptoms in children.
Brazil suffered its worst plane crash in July, when a TAM airlines Airbus skidded off the runaway on landing at São Paulo’s domestic Congonhas Airport and hit a building.
If you are at AOL, let us know what is happening and what you think about it by sending an e-mail to bitstips@nytimes.com.
He spent 10 years as the general manager of the Maple Leafs before joining the N.H.L. in 1979.
Irene Breslaw, a violist in the orchestra, said she was keeping an open mind about visiting North Korea.
He hunched across the divide, banging on the keys.
Stephen Colbert’s poll spike; how the F.B.I. makes them talk; the Red Sox thrill is gone.
THERE are a few things synonymous with Rhode Island: stuffed clams, Narragansett beer, and, of course, Mr. Potato Head.
Assembled by Scott Simmon, who has also contributed a book of detailed program notes, the films in this collection are from the Library of Congress, George Eastman House, the Museum of Modern Art, the National Archives and the U.C.L.A. Film and Television Archive.
Ms. Bhutto’s move to bring opposition parties into a united front against General Musharraf is likely to increase the pressure on the military leader and strengthen calls for an end to emergency rule, under which the constitution has been suspended and thousands of people placed under detention or house arrest.
He is in his third year with the Knicks, having signed as a free agent before the 2005-6 season.
The “logic” used to assert the sequence of kicking rocks and scattering cannon balls has more to do with anecdotal approach than it does with a reflexive treatment over the judgment of knowledge.
“Duquette’s work was either haute Bohemian or Bohemian masquerading as haute,” Mr. Bofferding said.
8 on Martha’s Vineyard, Mass.
Estate planning costs vary widely depending on where you live and how complex your estate is.
LISA DENNISON, the museum director who startled the art world, and irked a few compatriots, by abruptly resigning from the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on July 30 after three decades to try her hand at auctioning art instead of exhibiting it, is prowling the 10th-floor sales gallery at Sotheby’s.
You’re right.
If West Virginia can manage to stick to this new approach, it should ultimately realize long-term savings.
He repeated the threat four times during the call, which lasted 1 minute and 17 seconds.
Were you nervous?
Johnson was one of the few Chase drivers to make it unscathed to the finish line.
Through the third quarter, Goldman’s $16.9 billion compensation pool — the money it sets aside to pay its employees — was significantly bigger than the entire $11.4 billion market capitalization of Bear Stearns.
Devotees of Dylan lore will find their heads swimming with footnotes, as they track Mr. Haynes’s allusions not only to Mr. Dylan’s own music but also to the extensive secondary literature it has inspired, from books by David Hajdu and Greil Marcus to films, including D. A. Pennebaker’s 1967 documentary, “Don’t Look Back,” some of which Mr. Haynes remakes shot for shot.
Very interesting article.
Julie Just on Harry Potter; Lucette Lagnado, the author of “The Man in the White Sharkskin Suit”; Paul Greenberg on Hemingway as big-game fisherman.
The numbers are better, but so is the way Rodriguez has compiled them.
On Oahu alone, rents are up 41 percent over the last four years, Mr. Hamasu said.
7:00 am and 5:00 pm.
I am an American of Jewish descent, a fact that I feel compelled to offer because I’m sure that if I didn’t, this post would be bashed as anti-Semitic (I’ll still be called self-loathing, but at least no one will be able to delegitimize my comments in the usual way).
You never know exactly what you’re going to get from Mr. Watts, but in extroverted works like this one he is in his element.
“Whoever wrote the proposal had to know that we could not respond because we only had one state at the time,” says Mr. Little, who once worked for Scientific Games.
Suffolk County police officers have provided classroom lessons through DARE to about 30,000 students a year in the fifth through seventh grades since 1988.
They spoke of the “demonstration effect” that toppling Saddam Hussein would have around the world.
If Morgan Stanley were to move its headquarters to the railyards, real estate executives say, it would make Tishman Speyer a leading contender for the development rights.
Give much credit to Mr. Moneo, whose humility reflects a native’s respect for a national symbol and for the painters with whom he was wise not to compete.
30.
22 times the U.S. has involved itself in wars and/or conflicts in the name of helping to create a “human rights democracy” on foreign soil.
Some called a rate increase unlikely before the middle of 2008.
It focused on only one half of the equation — power and achievement in public life — at the expense of the private sphere of home and family life, which it actually belittled.
My mother dealt wth them for years.
Just to be clear, Al Qaeda is a real threat, and so is the Iranian nuclear program.
If Bob Dylan can help to promote Cadillac in commercials, it’s no surprise that lowriders can feel at home in a museum.
What was the essence of Coltrane's achievement that makes him so prized forty years after his death?
Although housing projects and graffiti dominate some parts of Calle Orizaba in Roma, there is a leafy stretch between two plazas that is an oasis of European grandeur.
Hyundai Motor America, Fountain Valley, Calif., part of Hyundai Motor, placed in review the media planning and buying duties for its Hyundai and Kia brands.
“My first trip, to Tuscany, I knew walking around the streets that I was an outsider looking in, but that I did belong inside those homes.”
Of course, the profile offered by those who were interviewed in recent days may not fit all underground poker games in the city.
He noted this approvingly.
Or should we be trying to round them up and ship them out by any means?
A most convivial island, with one’s classmates, friends, workmates and family members close at hand.
13 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art; (212) 535-7710, metmuseum.org.
A third chief executive, E. Stanley O’Neal of Merrill Lynch, was forced out late last month after his firm announced an $8.4 billion write-down.
They turn into men and women in our service.
On the latter, it pays 80 cents or so of each dollar to the Web site and keeps the rest.
Twellman beat Houston goalie Pat Onstad low to the near post.
The defendant, Steven Figueroa, 22, was sentenced to 15 years in prison after emotional statements from the victim’s mother, cousins and girlfriend in State Supreme Court.
Humans experience a universe filled with logos, that is the precondition for science, but also eros, filia, agape, ethos, and pathos.
T is delivered with the Sunday Times to more than a million homes; readers have no choice about receiving it, and even though the audience of The Times is regarded as relatively sophisticated, some people do not want their children exposed to on-the-edge photos.
His thesis is that China and India will devote enormous resources to keeping citizens in the countryside instead of streaming into already overcrowded cities, and that this will require expanding the supply of food and water.
He’s crying all the way to the bank and basking in all his now diminished glory gained from having sent his beloved ragamuffins to a Dude Ranch built in his own honor and paid for by munificent charitable tax deductions that other and poorer taxpayers don’t have.
Carefully evaluating the higher-resolution ON image from the Library of Congress shows that the apparent “shadows” in the lower-res images posted with this (extremely interesting) article are really reproduction artifacts.
Then, on the knowledge that these headaches are sometimes caused by prostaglandins, I started him on a regimen of omega-3 fatty acids which I understood to be inhibitors of prostaglandin biosynthesis.
There are two ways to look at anything.
Administration officials say privately that if the chaos in the streets worsens, or Al Qaeda exploits the moment, Pakistan’s government could become distracted from monitoring scientists, engineers and others who, out of religious zeal or plain old greed, might see a moment to sell their knowledge and technology.
He considered Salome a significant and audacious piece-"one of the greatest masterworks of our time," he later said-and could not understand why the public took an immediate liking to it.
Accompanied by Andy and Nell, I zigzagged past Alexander Calder's monumental “Eagle,” then down to the rocky waterfront, where a group of marijuana activists arrived by bicycle.
If anyone wants to know the details, you can honestly report that you were subcontracted to do the job by a grasping weasel.
Ms. Fantozzi said that she and Mr. Farrell were acquainted — besides their Rowan connection, they had attended rival high schools near Boonton, N.J., Mr. Farrell’s hometown — and she remembered him as a reserved but friendly student.
The space became a clubhouse for Mr. Rubin and his engineer friends to congregate late at night and to brainstorm about ideas for new products; they eventually decided to make a device about the size of a small candy bar that cost less than $10 and allowed users to scan objects and unearth information about them on the Internet.
The automatic-equipped V-6 Accords use Honda’s variable cylinder management system, which can save fuel by running on three or four cylinders under light loads.
It’s shocking.
Not so.
The real Mr. Pinter, who turns 77 this month, is frailer now.
Seriously—who cares?
In fact, the criminal procedure required under our Constitution reflects the reality that law enforcement is not perfect, and that questions of guilt necessarily precede questions of mercy.
You’re jumping off a cliff, and all you can do is hope your parachute opens.
The only problem: that demanding toddler, teenager, mother-in-law or puppy who has no interest in going with you.
But he added that demand for properties near the water was still healthy.
Still, the search for space has driven down the retail vacancy rate statewide to just 3 percent, and rents have risen appreciably.
The combined lines are estimated to have annual sales of at least $200 million.
SABRES 3, CANADIENS 0 Jocelyn Thibault made 24 saves for his first shutout of the season, and Jaroslav Spacek and Thomas Vanek each scored in the second period for Buffalo at Montreal.
“Plus it’s paid for by the National Fisheries Institute, which is a real conflict of interest,” Dr. Greer said.
“In a study we did, the average person, from the time of diagnosis, lived only about three and a half years,” Dr. Miller said.
The addition of three eggs and a cup of milk is all it takes to produce a pie filling that is mellow, fragrant and deliciously custardy, with an almost honey color.
I like Kant’s point that existence is not a predicate.
Mr. Cox has had five Edsels at his auctions in the last five years.
Davydenko double-faulted four times in the second set and six times in the third.
Your story was so compelling.
Your self-depricating sense of humor is the best.
The agency ordered him to return $8.2 million of bonuses and pay a $200,000 fine, and ordered him barred from the brokerage industry.
We invite readers to submit video clips to the City Room blog.
Unlike the painting, he bears no marks of flakiness, and as for disintegration — he turns 80 in March — he has little but a pair of hearing aids and the death of loved ones to show for his age.
I’m voting for Clinton.
Troop leaders win over parents by explaining that various activities incorporate Muslim traditions.
For the new institution, the king has cut his own education ministry out the loop, hiring the state-owned oil giant Saudi Aramco to build the campus, create its curriculum and attract foreigners.
But make no mistake — the main 3.7-mile circuit will be a thrill ride.
According to the indictment, Mr. Saltsman, 45, and Mr. Eitan, 51, two investors based in Israel, arranged to buy hundreds of thousands of shares in Xybernaut, a Fairfax, Va., maker of portable computer hardware, and Ramp, a New York producer of software for health care providers, from 2001 to 2004.
One point I don’t see mentioned is whether the person whose image is used in advertising gets monetary compensation.
With one out, Kennedy loaded the bases with walks and a broken-bat single.
But microbrews and craft beers you won't find in much of the country are sold throughout the city, in flavors ranging from subtle to walloping (but skewed heavily toward walloping).
In the ensuing chaos, supplicants for driver’s licenses began to line up outside motor vehicle offices before sunrise, waiting hours to get a precious application form.
Whatever happens with A-Rod’s contract, I don’t want to hear about Jeter getting a raise.
The Honda Accord coupe, however, has suggested that you are en route to the recycling center, obeying all posted speed limits.
As a result, Dr. Silver says, cloned animals and genetically modified crops have not become a source of major controversy for traditional Christians.
Startled by the sound of our motorboat, huge flocks of snowy egrets, herons, cormorants, kites, tinamous, bitterns, ospreys and curassows took to the air as we navigated an igarapé, or narrow tributary.
Racine, on the west shore of Lake Michigan, 65 miles north of Chicago and 25 miles south of Milwaukee, is an old port town in the process of adapting to a new and more complicated identity.
Analysts said the exuberance of the Chinese investors and the lack of alternative investment options for them made comparisons like market capitalization unrealistic.
On Saturday, Felix brought heavy rains and strong winds to Grenada as a tropical storm, snapping small boats loose from their moorings, temporarily knocking out local radio and TV stations and toppling utility lines.
And there are already rumblings that if the strike goes on long enough, some shuttered plays will never return to Broadway at all.
Teams often played conservatively on offense because the Raiders showed they were unable to drive the length of the field.
Even now Mr. Albee’s eyes spark with satisfaction when he gives a contrary answer, makes an obscure reference, mystifies, illuminates, divulges, withholds.
Funny thing about the “new” drugs to treat “mood instability” - THEY ARE ALL ANTISEIZURE DRUGS THAT ARE ALSO USED TO TREAT MIGRAINES ALSO !!!!
Although he has bedded more than 600 women, Florentino saves his essential self for Fermina.
“I think what we’re seeing today is a strategic retreat by Microsoft, a concession in one market and no more,” Mr. Kohn said.
Outrageously, after setting Megan off the precipice, The Drews filed a property damage complaint against the Meiers for the destruction of a foosball table because clearly, the Drews feel that they, not Megan, are the injured party.
How can I understand them?” until I shut up and worked to learn about the countries across South America that my school contained, and realized too that even within Mexico my students had had such drastically different childhoods it was impossible to encompass them all.
Discovering his George W. Bush was as much about grasping his squint, his smile, his smirk and hand movements as it was about learning his voice.
But he resigned on Wednesday, leaving the future of the mission in limbo and triggering political confusion in the world's second-biggest economy.
I only hope someone tells the homeless that they can get a free taco, and that something in Devo dies for every taco handed out.
In an expansion spree, he owned such diverse enterprises in the early 1970s as Mackinac College in Michigan, the Real Form Girdle Company in Brooklyn, an advertising agency, a plastics company and a 24-story office building in downtown Akron.
One way to determine whether the cannon balls in the road have been artificially arranged is to look at the distribution of their locations.
She would not say whose orders.
The decision capped a two-day series of seesawing court rulings in the Florida case.
Those affected include six people in New Jersey, eight people in New York, and eight people in Pennsylvania, the agency said.
Unfortunately, Richard Nixon too frequently has been the subject of derision by comedians.
Which leads you to ask: If we read a book and forget that we read it, is that the same as never having read it?
New options could include loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration or those available under programs offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the big government-sponsored entities that finance billions in home loans.
The plant’s locale also offered an attractive storyline for consumers: recycling water in the middle of the desert and producing snack chips from solar concentrators.
And probably not a Clinton.
I kept my eye on that G meter for the better part of five days of driving.
But in later years the formerly white-owned farms that once fed much of southern Africa and earned millions of dollars in foreign exchange were decimated by a precipitate land-redistribution program.
Mr. Likoff and Ms. Rosenblatt entertain a lot at their second home, and their 5,000-bottle cellar lets the good times roll.
Since 2001, around 8.5 million cubic yards — enough to bury a 150-mile-long two-lane highway under 11 feet of sand — have been pumped onto the beaches.
That allowed him to lead Jews through the woods to the house at night and back into the woods when the Nazis were coming.
A.M.D. was first to market with a dual-core chip more than two years ago as Intel struggled to get its dual-core strategy off the ground.
It has since developed into a portal, trying to draw visitors with a wide-ranging set of features in addition to online games.
European politicians, academics and, especially, businessmen have responded happily.
Yours wanted, as did mine, the best for her loved ones, but had a less loving way of expressing herself, unfortunately.
DRESS PROPERLY.
And he built a groove with his bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones that grew stronger, even as the rest of the music became heavy with super-extended soloing, the overload of individual will.
Both #20 and #38 are correct.
Even legislation to cover children has been caught up in a furious battle with President Bush over the proper role of government in providing insurance.
Manny Ramírez had a strained left oblique muscle, so he did not play for the Boston Red Sox last night, and he will probably miss several games.
It concerns itself only with the job of making something interesting and putting it out in the world.
BRUCE EPSTEIN has spent the last four months looking for co-ops on the Upper West Side, and he thought he had a pretty good grip on how much they were going for.
“All too many examples of this!” he lamented.
“Getting somebody like this to come to our site says a boatload about where the industry is going,” said Kenneth Lerer, who has been acting as the chief executive of The Huffington Post and will move up to chairman.
With millions of colonoscopies performed each year and specialists advising all Americans over 50 to be screened, the proper use of this anesthetic could become a multibillion-dollar point of contention.
On October 17, 1913, after having been impeached by his former colleagues in the state Legislature, he was convicted and removed from office.
But administration officials say that Ms. Davis, 36, does not want the job.
“That’s so true,” said her daughter, who still seems surprised by her mother’s easy transition.
People can be convinced to vote against even what is clearly self-interest (let alone the interests of their community or world).
Mr. Hernandez, a native of El Salvador, shared a two-bedroom apartment above a store on Northern Boulevard with eight other men, said the roommate, who refused to give his name.
It came nearly 5,000 miles away, in an empty gymnasium during a Red Storm loss at a tournament in Hawaii.
The store, tucked into the middle of a block just south of the meatpacking district, floats in a worn-in whiteness.
The filmmaker, trusty cameraman and assistant in tow, travels to the Crimea on his not-quite-Quixotic quest to solve a photographic mystery.
There were no rock stars on hand.
Shifting down to Congo, the rebellion in the eastern part of the country grinds on.
We can only hope that this time around we learn to listen and think a little more carefully.
Milan still went through because Celtic scored a last-minute goal to beat Shakhtar Donetsk 2-1 in Glasgow.
He had not walked six batters in a game since Sept.
"Meat" was another delicious word, like "body," which the man uttered as if tempted by it, giving it the sinewy density and desire of something forbidden.
Mr. Fields was the third industry executive in recent days to warn of a likely drop next year.
Nokia set the previous mark in 1999 of 1 day 19 hours 48 minutes 2 seconds.
But for Broyard to construct a white identity required the ruthless and cowardly jettisoning of his black family.
The joint-replacement program is the first program to emerge.
The heads of all the leading scientific creationist institutes from several countries showed up for the Cedarville event, along with the movement’s other stars: John Baumgardner, a geophysicist who worked for 20 years at Los Alamos National Laboratory; Kurt Wise, who got his Ph.D. in paleontology from Harvard in the ’80s as a student of Stephen Jay Gould, the nation’s most famous opponent of creationism; and Marcus Ross, 31, the latest inductee into the movement, who got his Ph.D. in environmental science from the University of Rhode Island last summer.
Imagine what would be thought of and said about a “Dangerous Book for Girls.”
For example, in the first dot-com gold rush, Internet companies did not have to make money to acquire serious investments dollars.
Mr. Yarmuth said that he and many other House Democrats wanted their Senate colleagues to force Republicans to spend hours filibustering various bills, to illustrate for constituents why legislation is stalling.
Po Bronson, author of “The Nudist on the Late Shift: And Other True Tales of Silicon Valley” (Random House, 1999), agreed that Mr. Ferriss’s book had made a mark in the tech world.
D. A. Pennebaker, director of documentaries about Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan and Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign, shot “Opening in Moscow” in 1959 about the seminal exhibition in Moscow about American life where Nikita S. Khrushchev and Vice President Richard M. Nixon had their “kitchen debate.”
But as running back Brandon Jacobs crossed the goal line for what was cheered as the tying, 6-yard touchdown, a penalty flag flew from the hand of the referee Jeff Triplette.
Contractors have their $BOTTOM LINE$ in mind when they make contributions.
“Their main strategy is to destabilize the person, reduce his self-respect.
Ms. Roraback, who never married, is survived by her sister, Elizabeth Schmidt of Canaan, Conn.
As it is, he managed only four assiduously promoted, trend-conscious restaurants between early 2004 and late 2006.
Many Sunni Arab leaders object to the production-sharing agreements being negotiated by the Kurds, which call for companies to invest large sums for finding and producing oil and to be awarded a portion of the profits generated by the new fields.
Mr. Fossett has yet to be declared presumed dead.
Here the report often falls short.
Its exact function is unknown, but product developers like Clarins suggest it slows the division of cells responsible for creating hair.
Thanks for the great article!
I never met any of my other grandparents.
This quest transcends the physical world.
Most of my friends who ride have had accidents.
“If the price of these resources continues to rise, we will be very happy we made these investments,” said Rich Beck, senior vice president for operations.
It’s odd to see a play about music in which music is almost an afterthought.
Joe Shay remembers one winter day when Ryan was spotted running near their home, near Lake Michigan.
Well, if you could make cool air from hot gas.
The pig will feed four families, 14 people in all, who have lived for the past eight days on the third floor and the roof of a concrete home overlooking this flooded city.
And people who would clearly state a position, and openly challenge its deniers, are always inconvenient.
I think another commenter noticed this first, but I see flashes of light in the upper left area of ON - in the direction of one of the Russian batteries!
But it would take decades to eliminate addictive cigarettes from the market.
She is currently writing a memoir about reuniting with her daughter.
For years the university’s money management arm had been dogged by complaints about the multimillion-dollar pay packages of its managers and, this summer, one of its bets soured when Sowood Capital, a hedge fund the school invested with, collapsed.
Mr. Rhys Meyers and Ms. Russell, who have no romantic chemistry, wander about in an emotional limbo.
“Each movement realizes that the real struggle for the future and soul of American Jewry are those who are outside of the synagogue today,” said Mr. Shay, a banking executive who has been active in Jewish organizations.
When a university president strikes the tone of arrogance and isolationist ignorance of Bush/Cheney, it it hard not to lose all hope for rationale thought and discussion.
That was a man named Leroy who, when her mother took Harris to see him, simply said his name was George and waited for her to leave.
He can sing, he can dance, he can sell a funny line in several different styles.
31, 1923.
In Washington, lawmakers have introduced a proposal that would reverse the price increase, allowing an exemption so that drug companies would once again not be required to include sharply discounted contraception for university clinics in their Medicaid rebate calculations.
Max Jacob standing by the tram tracks on the Boulevard du Montparnasse.
In response to the death, students throughout the county protested what they called unsanitary conditions in their school buildings.
So why complain at all?
Against the vast white of “The Last Winter,” every man and woman eventually looks like a blot on the landscape, like a mistake.
Between the lengthy jury instructions and the verdict form, the packet given to the jurors “looks like the phone book for a small city,” the judge had said.
Unfortunately there is another, simpler explanation for the movement of the rocks.
But being up front and honest about the costs and benefits, we’ve been able to build a coalition of supporters that includes conservatives and liberals, labor unions and businesses, and community leaders throughout the city.
Comments and suggestions are welcome, particularly from researchers with new findings.
John McCain goes interactive on his campaign site, but some are not pleased.
Prism is a stand-alone application, but the group is also working on a Firefox plug-in Mozilla calls them "extensions" that will provide some functionality.
I just repeat what others have said: Even PBS wouldn’t have the moxie to put on a show like this today.
His first post was at the Metropolitan Community United Methodist Church in Harlem, which he had attended as a child.
Something of value has moved.
I was adopted from The Cradle in Evanston, Illinois in 1960.
DK: Embarrassing.
Most of us who listen to radio regularly know why Imus would probably get a pass for making a joke about kids with cancer.
Last year, in the model’s 14th year on the market, 221,066 Wagon R’s were sold.
In the Saudi case, the girl was a member of the country’s persecuted Shiite minority, and experts said her sentence was harsh even by Saudi standards.
While negotiators have agreed to leave the issue of Jerusalem alone for now, they have fundamental disagreements on how to couch the other issues.
That includes the idea of swapping preseason games for more regular-season ones.
But after she led each caller through the litany of details, most said they would consult a lawyer, and she never heard from them again.
Volume was a respectable 1.75 billion shares.
“Cry Havoc” runs through Nov.
His book “Swimming in a Sea of Death: A Son’s Memoir,” about the struggle of his mother, Susan Sontag, with cancer, will be published early next year.
Texas Instrument is Nokia's largest chip supplier, and it also uses STMicroelectronics , Broadcom and Infineon as suppliers.
27 (AP) — The $3.1 billion purchase of the online advertising firm DoubleClick by Google received no outright opposition from United States senators at a hearing on Thursday that focused on the deal’s potential threats to competition and consumer privacy.
I doubt the rocks were kicked, gravity alone doesn’t explain their uniformly downward displacement towards the road; I think instead they were pushed in that direction.
Gravy made this way will hold perfectly.
I’m not sure of the chemistry, but this goat’s long, hot bath in the brown wine transformed my palate.
Apart from some cute bathing suits and classic prints, the designer Matthew Williamson just can’t make you care about the label.
That is why the open city views from a duplex penthouse at 2 Horatio Street are protected.
8 to 24.
By January 2006, Mr. Kahan’s contractors were tearing down the houses, excavating, pouring concrete.
Exhibit A: The Climbery, her seven-acre clematis garden at the weekend retreat she shares with her husband, Ira Weinstein, near Livingston, N.Y., in Columbia County.
But one of the most watched rivalries is between two games that are not first-person shooters or movie tie-ins.
Although the roots of the Darfur killings, which the American government has labeled genocide, are examined, they are not thoroughly analyzed.
I bet this has been a life-changing experience for you and I hope for many others as well.
For Ortiz, It’s Not Just Bats and Balls.
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” Mr. Garcia said.
“They often sit around watching TV,” said Martha L. Bruce, a professor of sociology and psychiatry at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University in White Plains said.
Because baseball is one of the most beautiful things created by man.
It came up at the Pavilion movie theater in Park Slope, as parents waiting with their children to see “Bee Movie” on Election Day, when schools were closed, wondered how P.S. 321, whose attendance zone is all but outlined in gold to real estate agents and their clients, had received a B. And on the Upper East Side, where the long-vaunted P.S. 6 received a B, Carolyn Levitan, a senior vice president of the Bellmarc real estate agency, said she just might raise the topic of the A through F grades during at least one open house this weekend; she would be offering an apartment zoned for nearby P.S. 290, which got an A. Because the scores were based not just on performance but on progress and because similar schools were judged against one another, there were plenty of surprises.
4 — An old friend phoned Jets receiver Laveranues Coles last week, and when he recognized the name and number, he let it pass to voice mail.
As oil prices surged over the last few months, natural gas prices in the United States did something that could help to cushion the economic shock.
When they arrived in September, they had perfect fall weather, wildflowers blooming in all directions.
Your essay reminds me that you may be the best candidate.
Then abruptly the ascent began with a punchy, down-home rendition of “Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate the Positive” that was one step away from outright gospel.
9.
WASHINGTON, Nov.
We just need to decide what to do with that information.
Just below the movie’s attitude of pep-rally cheer is a mood that approaches despair.
The play, Shaw’s third, provides ample opportunity for melodrama: a mother with a past, a daughter possessed of virtuous ambition, a pair of young lovers who may or may not be genetically related.
But, as ever, there are caveats.
Gemstar-TV Guide shares fell 99 cents, to close at $4.99.
Sometimes he is married, sometimes not.
(Does Paul McCarthy covered in ketchup constitute a “practice”?
It seems more likely that, this time around, people in the city and all across the country know exactly what’s going on — they just don’t like it.
The additional write-down, coming so soon after the company’s $5 billion charge, may raise more questions about the leadership of Mr. O’Neal,., and the ability of his top executives to assess the firm’s risk exposure.
A sense that he was losing his heritage combined with an admiration for his brother Clyde, a founder of A.I.M. in the late 1960s, led Mr. Bellecourt to help start an A.I.M chapter in Denver.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
So far, most of the ads on canvas pages promote other applications whose creators are seeking exposure.
Would the same people who were dismayed at Ahmadinejad’s opportunity to address the university express dismay at any opponent of current Israeli state policies?
Previously, BananaRepublic.com and Gap.com customers who ordered $125 or less of goods paid $6 to $12 for shipping.
I wish she’d steal the rest of his platform.
The State Board of Administration, whose chairman is Gov. Charlie Crist, acted during an emergency meeting after local governments had taken out nearly $10 billion, or 40 percent of the pool’s assets, in the last two weeks.
They don’t eem stressed at all–they’ve outsourced that to the soldiers, the Iraqis, and the taxpayers.
Bloggers like Maxwell Gillingham-Ryan of Apartment Therapy and Grace Bonney, otherwise known as Design Sponge, have had just about enough of woodland creatures, particularly anything with a deer or antler motif.
They love to run around and play outside at recess.
We were met by Dick Evans, maintenance director for the Great Smoky Mountains National Park segment of the Benton MacKaye.
OFF comes first.
Though I think twice about using any legacy carrier as the customer service is almost always inferior.
There’s a touching moment when Lugosi arranges a concert at a church in Los Angeles and sells tickets himself at the door: 30 cents for admission, 90 cents if you wanted goulash.
The ballet has always had the upper hand at the State Theater; the 1964 structure was designed by the architect Philip Johnson at the behest of George Balanchine and Lincoln Kirstein, the dance company’s founders.
For the same reasons that the spacing of the cannonballs on the road do not look randomly spaced, the movement of the rocks does not appear to be the result of random kicking–surely one of them would have moved uphill or in a different direction or farther away.
But yesterday in State Supreme Court in the Bronx, Christine Scaccia, an assistant district attorney, said that Mr. Morales’s gang was bent on terrorizing people.
Fred Taylor ran for a season-high 104 yards and a touchdown, Josh Scobee kicked five field goals and the Jaguars routed the visiting Bills, 36-14, yesterday.
Failing that, she says, the government will be forced to intervene, imposing limits on the number of flights or even a form of congestion pricing under which the carriers would pay higher fees for departing and landing during peak hours.
The Eldridge Street Synagogue at the Museum at Eldridge Street, 12 Eldridge Street between Canal and Division Streets; (212) 219-0888; www.eldridgestreet.org.
Four new teams entered the rankings this week, including No. 21 Virginia.
Or was she being paranoid?
Those lists of “top party schools” or best school for “Birkenstock-wearing, tree-hugging, clove-smoking vegetarians” — an actual category handicapped by The Princeton Review — come from sampling students still in the hazy thick of the college experience.
Aid workers had been slow to arrive but those who had were besieged with villagers, who knew that only in narrating their loss could they expect to gain anything.
Speculation of his impending indictment had mounted for more than a year.
Al Rocker and Brian Williams were two of these weak willed self-protective pseudo-journalists.
Wagons are big business in Europe.
In Game 3, Westbrook shut out the Red Sox for six innings, until Jason Varitek hit a home run in the seventh.
But as white students’ scores went up again this year, the decrease in the gap evaporated.
A dried riverbed held what immediately became the largest collection of ceramics in Vietnam, virtually all imprinted with imperial marks.
It has long been known that North Korean scientists have aided Damascus in developing sophisticated ballistic missile technology, and there appears to be little debate that North Koreans frequently visited a site in the Syrian desert that Israeli jets attacked Sept.
On Monday, he plans to announce in New York City that he has raised $200 million from private venture partners, including the Israel Corporation, a large Israeli transportation and technology holding company, Vantage Point Venture Partners, as well as a group of private investors including Edgar Bronfman Sr., the liquor magnate, and James D. Wolfensohn, former head of the World Bank.
Admissions officials at some colleges, like New York University, Johns Hopkins and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, say they are tossed.
I think its no surprise she is in the lead, though.
Has anyone thought of asking Britney Spears to head up FEMA? i know of this because I was denied employment by fema’s security because I was honest about owing the IRS some back taxes… irony is if I could have taken that job, I might have been able to pay my tax debt…as a resident of New Orleans, I was forcefully asked to leave by FEMAs blackwater security force….while not being allowed to even tell the rest of the crew what had happened.
Twenty-five years old.
ERROL MORRIS: I became aware of your book on Fenton by reading Susan Sontag.
Banks often fund their operations by borrowing for 90 days at the London interbank rate, which is now just over 5 percent.
But time spent “Facebooking” is also prime shopping time for multitasking students.
While Warhol was in the hospital recuperating, Paul Morrissey, the name most associated with Warhol’s cinematic output, directed the feature-length narrative “Flesh.”
Brad Rozansky, a real estate agent in Bethesda, Md., cautioned against thinking that buying and selling foreclosures is an easy way to make a living.
I scrolled down.
And the part of our world that is most recalcitrant to our understanding at the moment is consciousness itself.
They listed it for $599,000, intending to use the proceeds to retire and move back to Lebanon.
Any solution will take the heartfelt cooperation of the drinker himself.
Science (real science) leads us to a simple conclusion: something must have pre-existed all known effects (the cosmos as we see it is one large effect): We know from the laws of physics and our present observations that it could not be the material universe.
Each collapse bought Mr. Smith a little more time to extend minority domination.
In the Muslim world, showing disrespect for a guest is one of the gravest offenses.
Another observation–there are many fewer cannonballs in the “Off” picture than the “On”.
She met with Iranian authorities who, she said, have promised to continue to look for her husband.
How could they?
10 for $12.5 million.
Gomes started running at 12 and started competing at 13.
I am grateful that DaVinci was able to be a distractible and creative human, he’s one of my heroes actually, but I don’t think it would be best for me to act like he did.
AMR is also studying whether to shed other operations, including its big frequent-flier program, a money-management operation and even some maintenance operations, Thomas W. Horton, chief financial officer, said in an interview.
His girlfriend, Sofia (Patricia López), a free-spirited acting major who is forever performing, joins him just as his mother is called away to comfort a friend in crisis.
A young woman searches for the truth about her parentage amid the snow and ice of Lapland in this bleakly comic yet sad tale of a child’s futile struggle to be loved.
Of course hunks can suffer too, and while his singing is uneven, Mr. Blanchard makes a strenuous attempt to embody the tormented soul of his character, drawn to humanity but repulsive to it.
“This is going to be a model, so the Palestinians see they are better off under the authority of the Lebanese government,” Khalil Makkawi, head of a government committee charged with negotiating between the government and the Palestinians, who have largely been a force unto themselves in Lebanon for more than three decades.
The number of new balls is not a very significant number compared to the number that are already there.
As parents we feel lucky - to have this two wonderful children - and we feel gratitude - for we are able to provide them with love, care and security.
We invite readers to submit video clips to the City Room blog.
When he quietly sings the old-timey “Over the Bannister,” gazing at Esther, the stage is suddenly bathed in warmth and feeling.
Bryzgalov, 27, played his first 69 regular-season N.H.L. games with Anaheim, winning a Stanley Cup ring last season as the backup to Jean-Sébastien Giguère.
Hunter Thompson was born in Louisville, Ky., in 1937 and, from adolescence on, seemed intent on becoming a classic American Literary Character, part of the outlaw slipstream that produced Whitman, Twain, Hemingway, Guthrie, Mailer and Kerouac.
This distinction between the content of a book and its location is fundamental, for it is this that allows those unintimidated by culture to speak without trouble on any subject.
A $12 million dollar bequeath was certainly extreme, but 500,000 pets are left nothing at all every year.
Based on the video game franchise of the same title, “Hitman” exploits every action-flick cliché imaginable and still manages to be dull.
First of all, there are far more pressing matters than immigration.
Speaking to the especially wired group of executives and politicians at Google’s Zeitgeist conference, Yves Chouinard, the founder of the Patagonia outdoor clothing maker, said he has never used a keyboard and that technology tends to homogenize culture.
Most weekends, he sits alone in his apartment, scouring the Internet for phone numbers of colleges, churches and other institutions that might be interested in hiring him for a speech.
And another controversial tenure decision is pending, that of Joseph Massad, an associate professor in the department of Middle East and Asian languages and cultures who was a key figure in an investigation of charges of anti-Semitism at the university a few years ago.
This suggests that design features chosen before the study begins might lead to a certain kind of finding about adverse effects.
After a million doctors who helped almost not at all, one finally gave her a list of things to try not eating.
And Ms. Forbes’s Esther is a wonder, revealing with every withering glance her tired disappointment in her husband.
So how to start on this journey of discovery?
Although they were unable to practice at the Prudential Center until Saturday morning, the Devils were clearly excited to play there.
“I know this place,” he said.
Police officers responding to a report of shots fired on Sunday found two men and two women dead at the house in Temecula, said Sgt. Dennis Gutierrez of the Riverside County sheriff’s department.
“Most of the calls we get are because there is water from condensation in the filter,” he said.
The average combined SAT score is 1,017 of a possible 2,400.
And there she was this morning in her first live interview. (”60 Minutes” is taped).
Put a group of actors in a room together for a few decades, throw in some marriages, divorces, fights and triumphs, and you’ll get an aesthetic whether you like it or not.
Wagner himself joined with Mark Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, and formed a film-production company called 2929 Productions.
And Mr. Parsons has announced that he planned to retire by March at the latest.
The Labor Department estimates that the new regulations will lead to an additional $134 billion in 401(k) accounts in 2034 — for a total of as much as $2.6 trillion, in 2006 dollars.
Your reference to the theremin was heartening as most people have no idea what it is.
The alliances that form in the course of the film’s hectic story, which takes place over a few days in a rambling seaside house, are shifting and unstable.
Jewish tradition decrees that a boy should not receive a name until his bris.
Even if that’s what blogging is all about, it looks egotistical and shallow, showing how the commenter needs to get his two cents in.
He is a cold, shallow, angry man, one of the least likable guys Mr. Hoffman, a specialist in acutely observed male unpleasantness, has ever played.
Instead, they have rootlike appendages that penetrate the bones, and bacteria on the appendages break down the collagen and fats inside, passing the nutrients on to the worms.
The Shakespeare Theater’s production is the Bartlett version’s East Coast premiere.
He told me that Michael’s blood pressure was dangerously low and that his complexion was pallid, even a bit blue.
He recovered the family castle overlooking Dresden.
As of 8:30 p.m., the two sides were still in negotiations at the Proskauer Rose law offices on 48th Street and Broadway.
Three years later, Dr. Rieveschl went to work at Parke-Davis, where he eventually rose to vice president of commercial development.
The war was fought over economic and territorial control, not absurd religious symbols.
Could backing Lekuton be a preventive move, fending off the Talibanization of an otherwise obscure corner of Africa?
As individuals have the choice to worship or not worship God, God is as democratic as anything else.
She said the products would not be back on the shelf until ConAgra officials were satisfied the instructions were clear.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
Sometimes it’s hard for people who have never experienced these sets of problems to also understand the secondary fallout from ADD and ADHD on an individual, and how damaging those can be developmentally, especially in the teenage years.
“We hope that when students come out of here they consider the fate of the natural world, which, in my opinion, is the greatest dilemma of the 21st century,” said Dr. Johnson, a philosophy professor at St. Lawrence.
Anyone who sees such an image, or who contemplates the charge at Balaclava, ought to feel a combination of awe, sadness, and absurdity.
This may not sound surprising, but in the movies it is something of an anomaly.
President Bush’s science adviser offers an explanation for some of the edits of testimony on climate change and health.
Mr. Prince’s act has been one of continual breakouts and surprises, some better than others, and of increasing command.
On the last, during the 2006-07 session, Gov. Schwarzenegger reversed himself on a technicality and refused to sign after promising to do so, even implying in several public statements that it was an important way of ensuring public safety (I’m sure it “made sense” to him).
After leaving state government, Mr. Berle returned to his Manhattan law practice.
Considering the track record of Guru Jobs to make each fabulous device obsolete within a year of its introduction, I doubt we’ll even have time to discover the actual possibilities of what could be done with the iPhone.
Take the New York City taxi story.
I am a school teacher in a rural area, and my sophomores and I were just dicussing the fate of Hilary Clinton.
He said fire marshals and police officials were investigating the circumstances that led up to the explosion, but preliminary information indicated that a gas leak was to blame.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
It was Kanaan’s series-best fifth victory this season and the 12th of his career.
I don’t have any kids, but I have a lot of awesome, smart, talented friends who were raised in all kinds of different family situations.
‘The Decline of a Family.’
We’ve told you before about 10Questions.com, an effort (with which The Times Editorial Board is affiliated) to let voters around the country decide which questions to ask the presidential candidates.
Apple stock is 153 today, so he’s doing something right.
Soap operas like “The Young and the Restless,” viewed by some six million people a day, typically have a monthlong backlog of episodes.
In her prime, Jones was one of track's first female millionaires, typically earning between $70,000 and $80,000 a race, plus at least another $1 million from race bonuses and endorsement deals.
“Our economy is dependent on satellites these days.
Second Stage has announced that Alice Ripley (“Side Show”) and Brian d’Arcy James (“The Apple Tree”) will play the lead roles in “Next to Normal,” a new musical by Tom Kitt and Brian Yorkey starting performances there on Jan.
They deserve to be rich.
Amid an AIDS epidemic, against the drumbeat of regional conflicts, overshadowed by the most abject poverty, it is easy to miss the glimmer of hope in sub-Saharan Africa.
19 — Jay-Z, the rap superstar and president of Def Jam Records, has quietly returned to the studio to record an album of new songs inspired by the forthcoming movie “American Gangster,” his first “concept” album and second CD in less than a year.
Later, on a more Type-A drive through the horse country of Dutchess County, N. Y., the V-6 Accord delivered the precise handling and sophisticated operation that has made it a benchmark for family cars.
Mr. Kohler recalled that Team 377 requested $100 million just to draft the proposal; he said Harry Stonecipher, Boeing’s president at the time, gave his approval the next day.
Döblin’s downtrodden hero, Franz Biberkopf, is played by Heinrich George, a celebrated stage actor whose burly physique and proletarian demeanor made him a favorite of Erwin Piscator and Bertolt Brecht.
The 2006 figures included a tax gain of 45 cents a share partly offset by restructuring and litigation charges of 14 cents per share.
Then he tossed the ball a few feet back to the center or an equipment manager, kind of shoveling it from his shoulder.
Yet I was not at the point where I’d consider importing a spouse from the subcontinent.
Residents say he was born in Medja in 1904 and proudly show off his birth certificate at City Hall.
By the end of that week, Tlusty had scored another goal for Toronto and the kerfuffle died down.
Updike seems almost to know what we are thinking.
Our daughter has been with us for seven years, and yet she is still at risk.
“To come up 2 points short in overtime in a game like this is a hard pill to swallow,” said Kaepernick, who threw for three touchdowns and rushed for two more.
Bilal had shaved his beard, Dayday recalled, and was carrying a yellow travel bag.
Mr. Sigmund did not rule out the possibility that the Port Authority, which had record numbers of public hearings and comments on the proposal, could scale back its plans.
I didn’t believe it for a minute.
Apple and Google are the Britney and Paris’s of the business world - not a day can go by without us all trying to peek up their skirts and find the dirty bits.
Mr. Giuliani is scheduled to take part in today’s ceremony, a move criticized by some because he is a candidate for the presidency.
The IPCC report uses numerically based measures of consensus for terms such as “likely”, “very likely”, “medium certainty”, etc.
Presumably Imus is being returned to express the same viewpoints or those even more blatantly offensive for even more money.
It also explains why she will win.
In response to comment #24, the broad brush that religious belief is “unprovable therefore false” can also be applied to many things, from physics (i.e. string theory) to morality.
Stocks rose yesterday after better-than-expected earnings from Apple and American Express eased concern that the housing slump has depressed consumer spending.
Some were unable to get care because there was no V.A. facility nearby, or the nearest facility had a long waiting list, or they could not afford the co-payments required of some veterans.
In my view, General Musharraf’s ruling party understood that it would be trounced in any free elections and, together with its allies within the intelligence services, contrived to have the Constitution suspended and elections indefinitely postponed.
IF there is one thing that the past two weeks have shown, it’s that America is about to enter a new age of talk.
As a retired educator who is still working, I have a decided interest in the upcoming election.
But Sheldon Karnilow, superintendent of schools in the Half Hollow Hills district, which has used the DARE program in its fifth, sixth and seventh grades for nearly 10 years, said that its loss was very disappointing.
I wonder how many of those stars will make the effort to actually appear though.
Lifka said he was confident that U.C.L.A.’s current system could withstand legal scrutiny.
16 from 1,469 in 2006.
14 -- to set aside time for personnel to review procedures, officials said.
The Bush administration has been very cozy with Ethiopia since Ethiopian troops ousted a radical Islamist government in Somalia last year.
One exception is São Bento (Largo de São Bento; 55-11-3328-8799; www.mosteiro.org.br), a stately monastery and church that draws huge crowds on Sundays.
The centers will run an open-source version of Google’s data center software, and I.B.M. is contributing open-source tools to help students write Internet programs and data center management software.
In this regard we are operating in a de facto vacuum.
American casualties are carefully recorded and memorialized, but there is no count of Iraqi civilian deaths.
Who organized that show and did you have any trouble enlisting Truman, that wonderful fighter?
Mr. Vidal’s assertion that a personal argument a fight should be done in private highlighted the matter succinctly.
Kentucky, Cincinnati and U.S.C. were blown out by a conference that went 0-35 against the six major conferences a year ago and had not beaten a ranked team since Belmont’s win against Missouri in December 2003.
And, unfortunately, you cannot take back the bullets.”
People thought about glucose as a critical fuel for the brain, Dr. Kahn said, but did not explore the brain’s role in glucose regulation.
This meant that the editor of the average short-term market timing newsletter was recommending that his clients allocate 13 percent of their equity portfolios to actually shorting the stock market — an aggressive bet that the market will go down.
Mr. Bishop joined the Army, was based at Fort Sam Houston in Texas and rose to sergeant.
Ms. Tominaga spends the first stretch of “Wool” detailing the sisters’ obsessive daily routine.
Tusk's party, on the other hand, wants the troops to come home, although some party officials have said that could take as long as until the end of 2008.
Senate Republicans will let a former Spitzer aide go to court to contest their subpoena.
Cannonballs were bounding off the battery’s earthworks down the valley.
Fifth Avenue divides Manhattan into the East Side and West Side.
In a column published in Monday’s editions of The Guardian, he noted that Mr. Griffin’s party had attracted “significant public support” with its opposition to large-scale immigration.
The commission is also recommending an immediate increase of up to 25 percent in benefits — above economic disability payments — for the lost quality of life that scarred veterans suffer.
Instead, he hopes to rent it out for $3,000 a month when it’s finished next year and eventually to sell it at a profit.
Since when has giving young women who worked very hard and achieved something amazing the respect they deserve become “political correctness”?
“Patsies for the Pats’ special occasion,” he is thinking.
I live in a beautiful place, Monterey, Calif.
Bonds rose, with the benchmark 10-year Treasury note at 101, up from 100 13/32 late Thursday; the yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 4.62 percent from 4.70 percent.
IAC’s starship of a headquarters on the Hudson River is certainly playing to type there.
Get more intimate with Oaxacan food.
Over 13% have “friends” that surpass 750 .. they must be part-time students?
Siemens’s products include motors, climate control systems, medical diagnostic equipment, power plants and communications networks.
“You dreamed of making it to New York and going to Toots Shor’s, to become part of that mystique,” Mr. Brokaw said.
She had to move on to a series of meetings, then more Senate votes before flying to Iowa for a debate.
I expect that she will love her birth family as well.
I think the political posturing of playing the religion card in this presidential campaign is disgusting.
When I finally stopped (I moved to a place with no TV and went cold turkey) I could no longer read a book or listen to music and had difficulty focusing on anything for any length of time.
Young brains tend to go to extremes — the swooning or sobbing so characteristic of young love.
It is not one’s business to answer them.
Throughout, I paid attention to which factors seemed to worsen my clenching and grinding, like alcohol and poor sleep habits, and cut back where necessary.
For example, if shelling came from right, and there are drag or skid marks from a cannonball lying on the left side in OFF to where it lies on the road in ON, this would be evidence of balls hang been moved onto the road after OFF was taken.
Neither the spokesman for the Winograd Committee nor the prime minister’s office would comment on the news reports.
As for Adolf Hitler, it is not certain that he was actually there; he may merely have claimed to have attended, for whatever reason.
I’m stubborn like her,but better educated.
That’s not to say an at-your-fingertips service is complete Zen.
So the question is this: are we, as a society, willing to try to develop an environment (or environments) in which ADHD students can reach their full unique potential or are we going to medicate them into cogs in the machine?
The Giants held the Redskins to no first downs and a field goal after a Manning interception.
The car relies on technology licensed from a Dutch company that allows the vehicle to turn sharply without toppling over, giving it airplanelike physics that help keep the contents of the vehicle, human and otherwise, safe.
The most dramatic of these sprawling, jumbled indoor or outdoor markets sell wholesale, generally between midnight and dawn, when one feels vaguely conspiratorial watching the alert trading action while much of the city sleeps.
Jim Holt, a contributing writer, is working on a book about the puzzle of existence.
I, on the other hand, believe he’s got the cause and effect exactly backward: that it was the rising market that made the lucky fellas running America’s corporations look like geniuses — and made them richer than they’d ever imagined, thanks to the shift to stock options as the primary way to reward executives.
In 2003, the state was the first to pass a measure making it a crime to give illegal immigrants driver’s licenses.
On Thursday, it seemed that the strategist, David Axelrod, had found a solution when the Obama campaign released an Internet advertisement that featured crystal-clear audio of the speech.
General Thein Sein is known as a fierce loyalist of Senior Gen. Than Shwe, the junta leader.
“Japan’s economy is entering into a new phase of accelerating inflation and slowing growth,” said Susumu Kato, chief economist at Calyon Securities in Tokyo.
‘THE GLORIOUS ONES’ In previews; opens on Nov.
This conflict will never be resolved.
Some disliked the outcome, others were pleased.
A profit of $60 million and narrowed loss in the cellphone unit provided a modest endorsement of Motorola’s steps toward recovery and could buy more time for the embattled chief executive, Edward J. Zander.
Local union presidents were notified of the decision by e-mail, and the union scheduled a conference call for Friday to give them an update, these people said.
So what if U.C.L.A. is somehow taking into account the disadvantages that black students face because of their race?
And why have our feloow countrymen become so less passionate and tolerant of each other?
According to local reports, up to 50 drinking establishments have been destroyed since the protests started Monday.
The heavy seas also cracked the hull of another oil tanker, but the ship was afloat and not leaking.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug.
Q: Can a woman travel to Samarra, Iraq and find a safe, decent place to stay for a month or two?
As it turned out, we made it from Keene to New York City in 3.5 hours flat.
I am ashamed of all you who judged this woman.
Nicholas D. Kristof is on book leave.
In 2004, the couple bought a narrower house, at 18 feet wide, on West 88th Street, one block farther away from the park, for $3.1 million, but they sold it four months later, for $4.2 million, or a 34 percent gain.
Shaw’s effort had generated debate because he declared the perniciousness of those who judged women forced by economic adversity to make disreputable choices.
“We easily struck up a lively conversation,” said Dr. Van Loon, who was a Yale graduate student when she met Mr. Steitz on an October evening in 2001, just four months after he was chosen by the Milwaukee Brewers in the third round of the Major League Baseball draft.
It demanded either a yes or a no answer and therefore it was committed in advance to regarding any other answer – especially an answer with nuance – as waffling and equivocating.
I helped introduce Cylert (pemoline) as a drug rep many years ago.
The security improvements in most neighborhoods are real.
But we should at least understand what’s going on.
They expect rehearsals to be a time of continual discovery.
Like that image — and many others of Joy Division — “Control” is in black and white.
Mr. McLennan estimates that the kiwi’s numbers are declining 2 percent to 5 percent a year, depending on the species.
Paula’s husband, Mike, lies asleep beside her.
The police said that at 5:19 a.m., Mr. Aldarondo, westbound on Atlantic Avenue, struck a pedestrian at the intersection with Crescent Street.
City Room is a news blog supplementing the New York/Region coverage of The Times.
It is in the interest of Mrs. Clinton’s advisers to reduce expectations for their candidate.
Christopher Wheeldon, of Morphoses/The Wheeldon Company, will hold a free rehearsal, open to the public, with several members of his company at City Center on Friday, Oct.
The thrill lasted for, oh, one year.
(Little, Brown, $23.99.)
Each of the cosmic rays studied had energy in excess of 57 billion billion electron volts, about the energy of a nicely hit tennis ball.
Mr. Ollongren said the carrier planned to replace the affected Q400 planes with others from its 300-plane fleet as well as leased aircraft.
In Africa, the report said, 20 percent of all palliative care specialists had no access to morphine or other strong opioids, and 25 percent never had weak opioids like codeine.
The team and Snyder would contribute at least $500,000.
There is no good reason to suffer as you have.
A black sand beach is just a mile away.
And to think senators like Mitch McConnell reach exhaustion after about 60 days of the Senate in session.
The ways in which misogyny reinvents itself, generation after generation, are stunning in variation, and confounding to the most aware and well-meaning of parents.
But we still need a vision, a strategy, an army and a commander in the White House who can inspire young and old — not only to meet that challenge but to see in it the opportunity to make America a better, stronger and more productive nation.
Many of the Jets’ defensive players credited their success to two things: The line applied pressure often enough to make Roethlisberger throw passes he probably would not have, and the coverage in the secondary was tight enough so the pass rushers had more time to collar him.
Poez instituted a pay-what-you-like policy.
Under the protection of the Endangered Species Act, the wolf boomed in population to 4,000 in Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin today, up from just several hundred in northern Minnesota in 1974.
He's also one of the very few Americans to be at least a two-time visitor to every member of the Axis of Evil.
(HarperCollins, $26.95.)
Mr. McMichael, who has sold his health care business, Trinity Homecare, said that he and two wealthy investment bankers had recently bought out Michael J. Kaplan, the developer who began the project.
Voting against the bill were 25 Democrats and 159 Republicans.
And I am always a bit suspicious when the folks whose lives will be simpler with medicating others, get to make the decisions.
I sipped.
The investments are relatively recent, and venture capitalists say it takes time for start-ups to grow to where their services are ready for the mass market.
The apartments have central air-conditioning, washers and dryers, security systems, honed black granite windowsills and kitchen counters, eight-foot solid-core doors, and designer window shades.
During the 2005-6 school year in the Milwaukee Public Schools, 32 percent of elementary school students, 46 percent of middle school students and 74 percent of high school students were classified as habitual truants (five or more unexcused absences in one semester).
Like most of northern Europe, Denmark has been in a quandary over immigration, notably from Muslim countries.
Her first film for M-G-M was “The Hucksters” (1947).
A pair of vintage wooden water skis is mounted on one wall.
It was a homespun, Greenwich Village version of existentialism, which argued that the truly with-it, blacks and jazz musicians especially, led more authentic lives and enjoyed better orgasms.
A chart in Business Day yesterday with an article about Japan’s high-speed Internet connections misstated the unit of measure used to calculate the price and average speed of service in some countries.
Worth thinking about.
And if anyone is inclined to take a golf cart on a New York parkway, forget it.
17 — The paper airline ticket will be all but extinct by the end of May, the head of an international airline association said on Monday.
They’re the kinds of restaurants, gentle and comforting, that you want to fall into at the end of a shivery winter day.
Asked whether he envisions a departure from Motorola's recent strategy, Brown said he would provide an update in early 2008 on the next steps.
And now that it’s set to support the DivX codec format, it’s time to do just that.
Making hydrogen by reforming natural gas still releases carbon dioxide, so a station would not eliminate an FCX driver’s contribution to greenhouse gasses.
Particularly when he runs over a backward child who plays a game of jumping out at passing cars.
But it’s too easy to just blame Mr. Bush.
General Soe Win was nicknamed “the butcher of Dipeyin” for his role in the 2003 attack on Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi and her followers near the northern town of Dipeyin.
Even many customers at the Hansons’ running stores do not understand, he said.
Alfred Oerter Jr. was born Sept.
But in July, after a monthlong debate inside the administration, President Bush signed a new executive order authorizing the use of what the administration calls “enhanced” interrogation techniques — the details remain secret — and officials say the C.I.A. again is holding prisoners in “black sites” overseas.
Regional and national bullfighting groups consider the bullfighters’ experience when matching them with the bulls, with the youngest and least experienced starting with year-old bulls.
But for a satisfying stretch, the film works its magic largely by sending up, at times with a wink, at times with a hard nudge, some of the very stereotypes that have long been this company’s profitable stock in trade.
As a result, investors were nervously awaiting figures from Deutsche Bank, with some fearing that it would be especially hard hit.
And in that, there is hope.
The more outrageous she is the more the neocons cheer her and the more money she makes.
He wasn’t the only person to lose his cool that night.
The game was fixed.”
If anything, it was my passion for horses, not a résumé, that eventually pulled me into corporate life.
That, apparently, would not be interesting.
Through Wednesday.
The troop leader distributed supplies: hot dogs followed by s’mores for dessert.
His dancers were sleek and neo-Classical in style.
The next group Smith spent time with worked in baseball.
Bollinger’s idea of academic freedom appears to be analogous to that practiced by the Maoist red book students.
Dozens of home shoppers appeared on the first two weekends at the sales office in a tiny strip mall a half-mile from the site, and two active-adult contracts were signed within the first few days.
This is most vividly the case with “Peter and Jerry,” which opens Sunday at Second Stage in a production starring Bill Pullman, Dallas Roberts and Johanna Day.
Let the American people know what he said about bringing our country back together and why he is the man for this moment.
Or did he?
NBC is selling the ads on Petside as well as across a new “pet ad network” on other sites like Worldwide Fido and DogCentral.
30, she dived into archival photos and film clips, researching the look and feel of “Spectaculars” past.
Leading me to the obligatory black limo, he says, “I have something in the car that I’m pretty certain will interest you.”
Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts who is chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and the Internet, said he would prefer to see an industrywide antismoking initiative, perhaps like the agreement in 2000 to limit the marketing of violent films, though he did not expect that to happen without further hearings.
When you do file your report, remind the committee that price is not the only consideration.
Amare Stoudemire and Grant Hill scored 17 points apiece for the Suns (11-3), who won't match their 1980-81 counterparts' 14-2 start, the best in franchise history.
Before she was a symbol, she was a person.
Simple observation tells us that there are more cannonballs in the “ON” photo.
It also has new tour options in Asia that visit Angkor Wat in Cambodia and an elephant camp in Thailand.
He and Mrs. Roberts also denied wrongdoing to a list of other accusations in the suit.
Imagine lifting a cannonball out of a crater of loose earth.
But the kid just slung the sneaker straight up in the air.
By Dinaw Mengestu.
The new system, city officials say, is fair and more humane: Long processing times were reduced by three-fourths, and social services assistance was offered for families found ineligible for shelter, including counseling and one-time rent aid.
For home accessories, head to Cheia de Graça (011-55-73-3668-1492) for Laila Assef's lamps made of recycled trash.
And in a soft sales market, agents say that the harsh reality is that furniture has become worth a whole lot less.
The unfortunate truth is that this question was not a test of her position on an issue, but her ability to challenge this kind of thinking and in that regard she failed miserably.
Everything — from the watertight floor to the computer programs that operate the machinery — was custom-made.
Tottenham’s Robbie Keane hit the crossbar with a shot in the 65th minute, before Dimitar Berbatov tied the score a minute later.
What was this city, then, if such as myself, on a low budget, could essentially see, do and eat whatever I wanted without straining my wallet?
“We can say, ‘This is what doing a double-studded wall with nine-inch insulation will cost you; this is the cost of adding a solar-electric array.
E Ink, for now, is a compromise.
I use to listen to them on radio (no TV then) and knew everyone on the team because the players seemed to play for one team forever - it was great!
Democracy is based upon the perceived concept that our elected representatives values and beliefs support our own interests.
At a climatic board meeting, de Gunzburg and several other trustees began doing something they had never done before: they began shooting skeptical questions at Len Riggio.
Anybody remember that one?
During a recent screening of “Persepolis,” the French film based on Marjane Satrapi’s graphic novel about growing up in contemporary Iran, a facetious quote from David Mamet’s play “American Buffalo” floated into my mind and lodged there: “The only way to teach these people is to kill them.”
He still travels around the world lecturing about his experience as a Holocaust survivor.
I see my nieces struggling with nannies, I have pulled more than a few kids out of the pool whose nannies are reading on their chaise lounges.
(I’m an engineer) This ‘test for variations’ would be in humble addition to the “count the darn cannon balls.”
Though shy and awkward, she did know what she liked, and it didn’t include the pushy, sexy and flowery garments so many It girls were wearing.
While the Malibu may be improved, so is its competition.
And Tim Atherton’s remark #734 is right on the mark here.
Metal statues have frustrated many an Egyptologist.
Properly understood, democratic capitalism makes no such claims.
Unable to abide by either’s rigid ways, she discovers, more through honor than rebellion, that she possesses enough fortitude to carve her own path.
Many of the Founders of this nation believed democratic government would be our biggest export.
“Bird,” for example, takes many disparate forms across other Indo-European languages: oiseau in French, vogel in German and so on.
On a normal cellphone, you dial in and listen to some half-awake lady drone, “You . . . have . . . thirty . . . one . . . messages,” followed by 15 seconds of pointless instructions that are meant to eat up your minutes.
It was still mostly vacant in 1868 when he circulated a letter to fellow Presbyterians offering the block from 70th Street to 71st and Park Avenue to Madison as the site of a new hospital.
I was talking about the actors who play them: Paul Dano, Peter Dinklage and Josh Hamilton.
It’s comforting to know that at the height of the Cuban missile crisis, JFK found time to watch Hepburn movies by the pool with his floozy girlfriends. #2 is shot from a slightly lower camera position.
The stated goal is to achieve “localized security” (that is, in Baghdad and other critical parts of Iraq) by the summer of 2008 and to establish “sustainable security” nationwide by the summer of 2009.
Katsuaki Watanabe, the president of Toyota, said that hybrids would be a pillar of Toyota’s growth in the years ahead, and reiterated the company’s plan to offer hybrid versions of all its models after 2020.
Hofstra University has created an administrative job, director of emergency management, to oversee its proposed $750,000 emergency communications system that will include e-mail and cellphone alerts as well as remote building lockdowns.
The letter did not mention why the contracts were being canceled.
After developing the first image, he then was able to adjust the exposure resulting in the better second ON image.
Two police officers were grazed in a Bronx shooting this morning.
He also said wireless revenue would be hurt by customers working to reduce chip inventory in the fourth quarter.
About a month ago, O’Connell had dinner with one of his minor leaguers, the veteran Frank Menechino, in Staten Island.
Mr. Chambers struggled with one officer and broke the man’s wrist, the authorities said.
2:20 p.m.
Competitive pressures drove each utility to pursue as many energy projects as possible to secure market share.
But a string of similar incidents brought flawed results on other standardized exams, including the SAT’s and the state math and reading tests used to judge schools under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
That view started to take hold in mid-August when the Fed cut the discount rate — what it charges banks to borrow directly from it.
Mr. Lutz, who is known for speaking his mind, appeared to be fighting mad at what he characterized as a competitor’s predictions that the Volt was primarily a public relations vehicle that will never be built.
The week of Oct.
“It’s the only place in New York City you’re going to be able to purchase a condo for this price,” said Lourdes Cartagena, an independent broker.
Minutes later he emerged from the bubble and onto a stage at Resorts Atlantic City, to riff about the banalities of bachelorhood and marriage, Cinnabons and iPhones, burials and cremations, and relentlessly to mock an indiscreet heckler who had made the mistake of announcing that his nickname was Potato Head.
Gadzooks!
“The points are there to alert us to a problem,” she said.
He then took questions from the audience, but first had the podium removed so that there was nothing between him and his listeners.
If Ms. Walden and Paul Greenwood, who doubles as the show’s (very good) pianist, are average singers at best, its third member, Barry Kleinbort, is a nonactor who can’t sing and should have remained behind the scenes.
In Greenport, Detective Sinning, 43, took the lead.
If you’re a computer company, what on earth do you add to the sixth annual version of your operating system?
A rubber ball came bounding by with a pre-K hotshot in hot pursuit.
Open noon to 11 p.m., Tuesday through Sunday.
Unless Lawson, Ellington or Hansbrough develops into a transcendent offensive player, North Carolina will struggle when the pace of a tournament game slows.
An increase of 0.7 percent would also mean that ad spending as a percentage of American gross domestic product would decline in 2007 to a weak 2.05 percent, from 2.14 percent in 2006.
Mr. Lloyd played Cinna the poet in the Mercury Theater’s 1937 version of “Julius Caesar” so movingly that he all but defined that production.
The picture of a French president who jogs, vacations in New Hampshire and even seems comfortable around President Bush is so unusual that it has earned Nicolas Sarkozy the nickname of Sarko the American.
When they open their laptops while sitting in a participating store, a Starbucks icon will pop up, giving them a chance to click and buy.
“That’s just how MySpace works,” he said.
BY age 23, I had romanced cigarettes, chocolate soufflé, my pet cat and (through the TV screen) James Franco on “Freaks and Geeks.”
The woman doesn't give a performance, as such; Vikar has never seen acting that seemed less to be acting.
“Regardless of any such genetic variation, it is our moral duty to treat all as equal before God and before the law,” Perry Clark, 44, wrote on a New York Times blog.
They signed receipts but did not always wait around to fill out inspection reports, known as DD-250s.
The evidence that he was simply seeking to score propaganda points – whether for Iranian home or world stage consumption – was simply overwhelming.
Both are members of BookMooch, a book-swapping Web site created a year and a half ago by John Buckman, a bibliophile who describes himself as a “wealthy ex-dot-com person.”
Is it a rule that Mideast peace talks absolutely must go down to the wire?
A third unriddles a perplexing leptospirosis outbreak in Thailand.
They’re left alone, in the dark, with only their own ravening demons for company.
Judge Marrero enjoined an earlier version of the law in 2004, and a federal judge in Connecticut did the same in 2005.
By focusing on the 787 and not the delays, Mr. Tortoriello arrives at a $118 target for Boeing’s stock.
After would-be disasters in Europe and Indonesia, will people be more inclined to shrug off warnings next time?
Indeed - in the ON photo, there is a cannon ball directly at the foot of the image in front of the camera that is not there in the OFF picture.
It’s utterly clear that very few newspaper reporters (even at the Times) discern the story and then report it as news.
In Ms. Oshima’s most characteristic designs, crystals and semiprecious stones are wrapped in webs of gold wire and seem to float above the body as they encircle a wrist or neck.
People who study philanthropy call it the “warm glow” that comes from doing something that we, and others, believe to be good.
Neal Sacharow, director of communications for the Writers Guild of America West, declined to comment.
When you deal with their sort of logic I can see why you might get confused.
They say he was an interesting combination of high achievement and low profile: a top player on the school soccer team, but not the captain; a first-rank student, but not valedictorian; a neat and well-groomed kid at a time when the fashion was long hair and jeans, but never an overtly conservative type; a young man who seemed almost scrupulous about fitting in, not standing out, while never hiding the fact of his deeply ambitious nature.
The puck squirted free, and Islanders forward Ruslan Fedotenko tried to clear it down the ice, but swung it into Upshall's path.
If Norway can listen, maybe there is a slim hope for the U.S. before it is too late.
His film, “Sharkwater,” which has been widely seen in Canada and opened today in scattered art-house theaters around the country, amounts to an impassioned ode to sharks (not a requiem, he hopes).
“We’ve got a selfless group of guys here,” goaltender Rick DiPietro said.
Now would be a good time for a fresh start.
Mesh networks are well-suited to temporary deployments because they need fewer fixed-line connections than do traditional Wi-Fi systems.
Here I must digress.
He is playing more this season, now that Brian Leonard, the fullback who often threw blocks for Rice last season, is playing for the St. Louis Rams.
PetroChina's stellar performance was expected: Shares in elite companies like PetroChina, which already trade in Hong Kong and New York, tend to soar in their trading debuts given the strong appetite among Chinese investors for highly valued companies.
Now that the details of the shackle are out, it’s clear how she could have strangled herself while frenziedly thrashing around trying to get out of the cuffs.
And, he says, some seismologists believe such deep mines can potentially cause tremors in the Earth.
The price of crude oil has surged in recent weeks to record levels, but the increase has not bled into other foreign products.
It was the venue for the 2002 Olympics cross-country skiing and biathlon and is about a 25-minute drive south of Park City.
It is a well-played con, particularly by Paul Schneider and Emily Mortimer as Lars’s brother and sister-in-law.
It took them 15 hours to do the load-in.
Fiji Water has promised to buy verified carbon offsets, mainly related to reforestation and renewable energy projects, to cover 120 percent of emissions it cannot eliminate.
He pretended not to know there even was a ban, and declined the deal.
I don’t think it’s likely.
Running time: 2 hours 15 minutes.
But the students turned out to be a very enthusiastic audience.
Although neither Ms. Berry nor Mr. Del Toro can be faulted in their scenery-chewing moments, these star turns make you uncomfortably aware that they are Oscar-conscious auditions for the Big Prize.
There are so many people here in the US that can keep on living extravagantly, buy all the toys they want (which requires fuel to get, and which is why you guys are in Iraq), and they can sleep at night too.
“I think out of respect to the other members of the coalition, some evangelicals have held back because he is a challenge to some in the foreign policy ranks and even some fiscal conservative groups are opposed to him,” Tony Perkins, president of the Christian conservative Family Research Council recently told CNN.
The Met has hired Mr. Zakarian, the makeup artist who turned Darrell Hammond into Bill Clinton in the 1990s and who, more recently, created the umbilical cord when Rachel Dratch gave birth to a full-grown Will Ferrell.
As a senior undergraduate student I feel the pressure even more from the other students than I do from the professors, to be fair (although I have certainly been given my share of left-wing material).
The push to erase American Indian nicknames from college campuses began in the 1960’s in Indian communities and at universities.
Chimps and other apes, notably humans, adapted it to ask not just for food, but also for more abstract forms of help, creating a new kind of signal that some researchers believe was the origin of human language.
Steinbrenner would not comment on Lowell, who has not yet declared for free agency, but he repeated his disappointment with Rodriguez’s refusal to communicate with the Yankees.
By the end, it all spins out of control in a pileup of exposed secrets, buried lies and moral failures expressed in a cacophony of screams, tears and furious whispers.
Mr. Raftopol’s parents were Romanians who fled the Communist regime in 1968.
One record after another was shattered as values continued to soar, ultimately approaching $1,600 a square foot in the fanciest part of Midtown.
They figured years spent as refugees in tents was enough camping, Ms. King recalled.
“He needed to have a look that would say a lot about what he’d been through,” Mr. Depp said by telephone.
He adds one evil old reprobate, a couple of gamblers, a self-destructive and mentally unstable young woman, a wicked stepmother and a noble — or is he? — old farmhand who is dying of cancer and would feel no pain if he confessed to someone else’s capital crime.
They said no injuries had been reported.
“No Country for Old Men,” adapted by Joel and Ethan Coen from Cormac McCarthy’s novel, is bleak, scary and relentlessly violent.
He was one of the first country performers to do a straight country show in Las Vegas; earlier, performers like Eddy Arnold had simply inserted themselves into another production.
Only half of American workers are even eligible for the pathetic 6 weeks of unpaid parental leave under the Family Medical Leave Act, which is an embarrasment and moral blemish in comparison to all other industrialized nations.
Humans are emotional beings, and that is always going to get in the way.
SYRACUSE, Nov.
Mr. Bellow judged Mr. Podhoretz’s appointment to be an example of the beneficent kind of nepotism, arguing that the drive and ambition come from the bottom up.
But Mr. Tobias said the analysis was so complex that some principals were befuddled, despite training sessions lasting hours.
The railway opening is part of measures to give new impetus to the joint venture industrial park, where about two dozen South Korean-run factories employ some 20,000 North Koreans.
The lawsuit claims the companies coerced policyholders into settling damage claims for less than their actual value by editing engineering reports, delaying payments and forcing policyholders to go to court to challenge the estimates.
The issue is of great importance to co-ops, and to those who claim to be holders of unsold shares, because such individuals enjoy special rights: not paying flip taxes or sublet fees, for example, or selling or subletting without board approval.
Knowing this, most candidates dare not allow themselves to be branded as anything but fanatical workers.
But other shows might not.
Although he had almost no college education, Mr. Grasso managed to get a job in 1968 as an entry-level listings clerk at the New York Stock Exchange.
Especially for dramas, the official opening matters, since that is when they are reviewed, and dramas are more dependent on reviews than musicals.
It's steps from the Quadrado, yet so secluded you'll need a flashlight at night.
Mr. Winters, who is 36, drew his last paycheck in February when the show he was working on, “Six Degrees,” was canceled by ABC.
It seems that OFF came first.
Indians general manager Mark Shapiro said the club weighed all factors -- including Byrd's pitching, leadership and generosity -- before exercising the option without hesitation.
31 (Reuters) — Google is playing host to news articles from four news agencies including The Associated Press, the company said today, setting the stage for it to generate advertising revenue from Google News.
Google the words “Foose” and “SEMA” and you will get more than 193,000 hits.
Written by a former journalist, Gilles Leroy, the novel, “Alabama Song,” tells a tale of wild parties in the Roaring Twenties, Zelda’s relationship with her husband and her decades of struggle with mental illness.
In the main, however, the architects were charged with imagining a park that was compelling enough to prompt visitors to get on the ferry — to design a destination that would “justify the journey,” said Leslie Koch, president of the Governors Island Preservation and Education Corporation.
This was the fourth violation of the rule by Williams in the past two seasons.
“When you give teams the ball, it’s so hard to win, especially with a team that’s as loaded as Oregon,” Carroll said.
Curiously, the building in which the French have chosen to house the museum used to be part of the International Colonial Exposition of 1931.
He was also, to judge from David Michaelis’s new biography, one of the loneliest and most unhappy.
Still, Mark Mahaney, an analyst with Citigroup, said that investors and executives should brace themselves for bottom-line figures next month.
Nureyev, like Maria Callas (as Clive Barnes once noted), popularized and changed his art form forever, with a combination of technique, dedication and respect for its tradition, while simultaneously blowing it wide open with a kind of divine individual desperation.
According to The Associated Press, Hamas security officials said they fired toward protesters who threw stones at security compounds.
There are reasons to worry for Belize.
One statement, from a senior F.B.I. official, suggested that the military authorities had ignored complaints from bureau agents about harsh interrogation techniques.
It appears that Ehrman’s argument is based on the fact that God cannot be because of the existence of evil, which is more about the nature of God.
Mr. Tenzing wasn’t seduced by fame; he has since quit show business and joined the civil service.
Draper admires what he calls the “affable compassion” of Bush as a candidate in 2000, before he turned out to be a hard-line conservative on both economics — lower taxes for the rich — and social issues like stem cell research and abortion.
Bungie, based in Kirkland, Wash., said it planned to return to its roots as an independent game studio, a move that eventually will cost Microsoft exclusive ties to one of the most successful and sought-after teams of game developers.
My friends had been there only once, for dessert, as the guests of Wolfgang Puck.
17, 1967, singing the title role in Alberto Ginastera’s “Don Rodrigo.”
Earlier this month the police found three gas cylinders loaded with screws and bolts in the troubled suburb of Aulnay-sous-Bois, north of Paris.
Because it’s about hearing the text.
Consultants with brokerage firm affiliates may also select money managers who trade more often and generate more commissions.
How should the United States address global warming, combat terrorism, and reverse the erosion of its international image?
I would take pictures of my family and the pets and everyone kept saying how much they liked my photos, but really all they were was in focus.
Which is precisely what I thought when I first saw Ms. Jolie’s jutting breasts too.
He concedes that a dining room with all the visual dynamism of an H & R Block office might not be the way to give gastronomically wary New Yorkers glimpses of Spanish new wave cooking.
It is not typical to see yacht shares like that of the Dickinsons, said the Fraser broker, Mr. Larsen, who specializes in vessels much larger than the C’est la Vie.
Brakes, at least on my test car, seemed to be the squishy Achilles’ heel, with average power and a pedal that began sinking near the floor during robust use.
I’ll play Romanian Gypsy music and circulate among bearded painters and delegates from Burkina Faso with a pitcher of gin milkshakes.
That history has at times seemed to weigh too heavily on the New York Film Festival, which got off to a heady start in the enchanted art-house year of 1963 with films by Yasujiro Ozu, Chris Marker and Jean-Pierre Melville.
That drew a response from the wasplike helicopter tankers that are workhorses in these blazes.
Here on the bluffs above the Missouri River, once a frontier outpost that was a starting point for the Oregon Trail, rising young officers are on a different journey — an outspoken re-examination of their role in Iraq.
Loewy’s design firm had contracted with Studebaker before the war to overhaul the stagnant styling of its products.
Perhaps his publisher felt a historical obligation to include Barry’s pieces written about 9/11, but these columns seem jarring, and dated.
Am I glad I never signed up for Facebook.
But some things need no elucidation.
Valley of The Shadow of Death.
WHAT potential imbalances lurk this time?
What music he did listen to tended to be rock music.
Franchitti wrapped up the 2007 IndyCar Series title on the final lap of the final race of the season Sept.
“England may be a very small island, vastly overcrowded, frequently badly managed,” he wrote, “but very much the best and bravest in the world.”
Comments in todays International World Herald discuss whether the United States is a Christian nation and the editoriallists answer is no.
Mr. Gore, who won an Academy Award for his documentary on global warming, “An Inconvenient Truth,” and an Emmy for his cable TV network, Current, knows better than anyone else how toxic and downright idiotic presidential politics has become.
“A 200-count Frette hotel sheet is a good sheet,” she added.
This should never be the role of the IMF nor of the World Bank.
Likewise, he said, it would be a mistake not to purchase electronic stability control on a vehicle that costs $25,000 or more because it, too, will be standard on more vehicles.
Oh it’s real alright.
This guy has no platform or ideas, so what else can a true Republican these days turn to but fearmongering??
Details can be found at youthnabc.org.
Born on Feb.
In the book Mr. McCandless paddles a canoe, not a kayak, and puts in below the last stretch of rapids.
In other words, perhaps we should stop trying to live within an inviolate fortress.
Then, much as the damn dog had done, he lurched past Carol, who lingered still in the doorway, and he ran, truly ran, across the broad green lawn through the bright morning sun.
So did Nancy.
One can hardly expect the airport security personnel to make a psychiatric diagnosis.
But Ms. Clinton did not get her logic tangled up while trying to make a debating point.
The American lyric poet Anne Stevenson, 74, who has lived in Britain for more than 40 years, was named the winner yesterday of the $200,000 lifetime achievement award of the Lannan Foundation of Santa Fe, N.M. Awards of $150,000 each were made in fiction to A. L. Kennedy of Scotland and Susan Straight of Riverside, Calif., and in nonfiction to Mike Davis of San Diego.
Once an open post with a friendly MP who waved visitors through the gates, West Point, like military installations everywhere, had responded to the events of September 11 by instituting a variety of force-protection measures.
Nonetheless, the Sidneys must go on, and this year they come in two batches.
“Back to the desk and sketch,” he recalled.
The vehicle’s steering wheel, brakes and power windows will continue to work.
With my heart at least halfway to my mouth, I entered what looked like the courtroom on “Law and Order,” although both it and Sam Waterston were still in my future.
As honey prices dropped and demand for pollination services rose, the market for bees became a market for good pollinators, Mr. Flottum explained.
Add your comment without direct or personal references and/or attacks to previous comments.
Those numbers may seem high, but state wildlife managers say hunters are critical to keeping deer herds in check.
Orion is scheduled to make its first flight with a crew in March 2015, he said.
Do they believe the police should have the power to intercede in the situation and respond with all necessary force?
(“I’ll survive on pure orneriness,” he said.)
I watched Don Imus on MSNBC for years and miss the show.
MY usual method for harvesting oysters goes something like this: I lift my right hand.
The growth has been fueled in part by technologies that enable advertisers to use data about consumers on the Internet in ways that were not possible in older media.
Before Tuesday, the measure appeared on a path to House passage, with strong support from Speaker Pelosi.
There are enough such alignments to amuse ardent admirers of the older novel, but it’s possible they won’t catch them.
A Greenlandic supermarket is stocking locally grown cauliflower, broccoli and cabbage this year for the first time.
18 at noon.
“The message we should be hearing is that our government is a reflection of our own divisions.”
Hall and Shay had much in common and helped drive each other toward the dream of making the Olympic team.
She lives with her adoptive family in Brooklyn and attends Poly Prep Country Day School, where she is a member of the varsity track team and a writer for the school newspaper.
Soon, the crew plans on visiting Las Vegas for a week or two, depending on how much time can be negotiated with wives, girlfriends and jobs.
The I.B.M. strategy, to be announced today, seeks to exploit the technical work and commercial interest in large data centers that can be run more efficiently, searched for information and programmed from remote locations over the Internet.
“Williams was a big adjustment — a lot of classmates had trust funds that kicked in at 21.
In a declaration, the countries agreed that none would allow their territories to be used as a base for military strikes against any of the others.
The room “erupted with laughter.”
However, Mr. Imus trades in his access to the lower strains of the culture of contempt.
"Please see if you can find me a young woman," he wrote to Stephanos, "with a Greek name and a soul inspired by the history of her ancient land.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 280.28, or 2.1 percent, at 13,041.85.
David Kelly on Daniel Okrent; Robert R. Harris on John McPhee.
With a ballpoint pen, Oakwood lifted the keys.
Given Iraq’s fragile sectarian relations and weak institutions, the likelihood is that further American troop reductions will have to be slow and careful if the progress is to continue.
However, I have been so lucky: I found my birthson 16 years ago, and we have a strong and close relationship; additionally, through Concerned United Birthparents (CUB) I found a therapist knowledgeable in adoption issues and practicing EMDR, an effective treatment for the Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder many birthmothers have.
In 1982, he took an unpromising site in Pawling, N.Y., and fashioned it into a 150-acre sculpture park called Top Gallant.
"You could lie.
In 2000, Mr. Giuliani dropped out of the Senate race in New York against Hillary Rodham Clinton after receiving a diagnosis of prostate cancer, and Mrs. Clinton went on to victory.
What persuaded Mr. Seinfeld to take on “Bee Movie” were the assurances by Mr. Spielberg and his DreamWorks partner Mr. Katzenberg that he would have free rein to make the film his way (as well as access to a videoconferencing system so he could work from New York when necessary), and his naïve assumption that it would take three to four months to write a script, record his tracks and finish the job.
A question for readers: Can places on Earth be loved to death?
Bradley would sooner die than slap anyone in the face.
That frequency can easily penetrate seawater, so much so that reef areas are sometimes known as “blue deserts.”
It doesn’t exist.
States also vary on how reflective a film may be and the allowable color of the tint.
Police chief Ian Blair issued a statement after the verdict, expressing ''my deepest regrets'' over the killing.
Using virgin soy oil bought from producers in the Midwest, officials said that as of Friday, all of the city’s 1,500 diesel vehicles were powered with the environmentally friendlier fuel, intended to sharply reduce toxic diesel exhaust linked to a higher risk of asthma and premature death.
The Philadelphia Phillies re-signed their entire coaching staff through 2008, four days after Manager Charlie Manuel got a contract extension.
He is still prone to questions about Blair — “Why did he give up his seat in Parliament anyway?” — that bewilder aides in the midst of unrelated policy discussions.
This seems to have had the effect of reducing the resources available for original broadcast reporting, especially about public affairs.
On Dec.
I wonder if that is the purpose of the modern media now.
When the nation observes the 50th anniversary of the Little Rock school desegregation on Monday, there will undoubtedly be a great deal said about Bates, who was head of the city’s N.A.A.C.P. chapter.
It looks as if he (or soldiers passing by — Hey, mate, you want us to give you a hand?
Mr. Romney will be addressing the audience at the evening session.
Even Goldman wrote down $1.5 billion in leveraged loans.
He wore no shoes.
Sometimes it’s an illustration, sometimes a wry comment.
A little cynicism is healthy, total cynicism is nihilism, illustrated by the comment above that permanently dismisses the entire Democratic party because the current congressional majority is too slim to override presidential vetos.
But perhaps the most important participant in the drama — the Federal Reserve — remained silent on Friday and will probably continue to say nothing until its next policy meeting in 11 days.
Repeatedly in “The Conscience of a Liberal” Mr. Krugman suggests that things we take for granted about the United States economy — above all, that extreme inequality is an inevitable byproduct of robust economic growth in a globalized age — are not inevitable at all.
“Your purpose is to help the reformists get rid of the other side,” he quoted them as saying, and he said he responded that he was encouraging people only to participate legally and that the government should not interfere in the choices people made.
Instead, conservatives tend to assume that the free market will take care of the problem, while liberals talk about cushioning workers against the economy’s ups and downs.
The big tubs filled quickly, floating us on our backs.
Until now my sympathies tended to lie with the British.
Veterans of many seasons navigating New York City’s intricate subway network had to smile at the latest idea for improving their daily commute.
Mediamark conducted in-person surveys almost daily at more than 25,000 homes from November 2006 to May 2007.
Will her speeches and decisions as President need interpreting or restructuring in order for all of us to understand her positions?
In 1835, Balzac addressed his reader as “you who are holding this book in your fair hand, you who sink down in your soft easy chair.”
He said what he meant and meant what he said.
There were signs of decay, but of a photogenic kind: a pergola was disintegrating and the Virginia creeper that twined around it had died over the summer.
America’s relationship with Turkey is at perhaps its lowest point since March 2003, when the Turkish Parliament refused to authorize movement of American ground troops through its territory during the initial invasion of Iraq, a serious blow to American military plans.
The movers, shipping her furniture back to the United States, “thought it was for a family of four, but it was just me,” she said.
But since Sony offered the first commercial lithium-ion cells in 1991, their costs have fallen by a factor of 12, he said.
But, as a category, veterans’ charities were found to perform far worse than the average of more than 500 charities studied in 36 categories.
Before the snap, he often waved his arms and shouted to his teammates, as if he were changing plays.
These people come to understand the world in a complex non-linear, creatively expansive way that appears intellectually unruly within the constraints of the highly rationalized educational system imposed on the majority of children expected to conform to the behavioural and intellectual biases of public education.
RALSTON After the motion capture is done, no one ever appreciates the mountain of effort that goes in on the so-called back end.
“We’re sort of used to the high rollers coming by,” said Dan Roth, 69, a member of the Mid-County Rod and Gun Club, a more modest establishment on the east side of Clove Mountain, where the membership dues average about $2,000 a year.
Lulu and her men are caught in a destructive dance that has more to do with irrational compulsion than anything erotic.
His late cut-paper compositions come to mind when looking at this selection of her large oils, smaller gouaches and a wall painting, spread over two of the gallery’s branches.
But Mr. Donahue will never be tried for Crystallynn’s murder, even though members of the Buffalo Police Department’s cold case squad suspect him of committing the crime.
Frito-Lay would not provide a cost estimate for the project at Casa Grande.
And patients who are accepted often have to spend weeks in a city far from their homes.
AMENITIES: A wine cellar with a tasting room, an attached three-car garage and two fireplaces.
Though the neighborhood continues to draw its share of D.J.’s, dancers and the frankly dissolute, it is a magnet for the moneyed set.
The road is a manipulation.
And how should a therapist handle it?
Given this degree of buildup, practically any revelation would come as a disappointment, leaving readers wondering whether it was worth all the fuss — and whether the true object of our frustration should be Paula and Mike or their creator.
Below, we muscled against currents through canyons and alleyways in some of the most spectacular shoreline coral I have seen.
20 was a “very senior member of the Quds Force” posing as a trade representative.
Alan, Wayne, Merrill and Jay Osmond first became famous as the Osmond Brothers, a barbershop quartet singing at Disneyland and on “The Andy Williams Show.”
But Mr. Smith and his followers justified their heavy-handed repression by telling whites that they were, as he frequently put it, “holding the line against international Communism” and “resisting the chaos” of the newly formed black nations beyond the Zambezi River.
This will bring down the high sticker price of electric cars. step 6.
But they have won 968 games among them, and no rotation can make that claim.
Free people.
The inductees will be decided the day before the Super Bowl on Feb.
It runs more than 1,400 pages in paperback.
But his plan from the beginning was to move to the left of Senator Clinton, never expecting to find Senator Obama happily patrolling that progressive, antiwar region.
Blogging requires a large time commitment and some writing skills, which not every small business has on hand.
They work very hard to make sure that they are not stigmatized, and do a lot of work to broaden the awareness of childhood mental illness.
Last year, Harvard and Princeton announced that they were ending early admissions and hoping others would follow suit, both to allow students to compare financial aid offers and to tone down the admissions frenzy.
The Groundwater Replenishment System, as the $481 million plant here is known, is a labyrinth of tubing and tanks that sucks in treated sewer water the color of dark beer from a sanitation plant next door, and first runs it through microfilters to remove solids.
The place was Denbigh, the date 22 June 1846, and the old man was seventy-five years old.
The lawsuit accuses the companies of steering black borrowers into subprime loans.
What began at 3xwk of emergency room level events quickly escalated to a daily, status-level situation.
All kinds of little complaints to bring Annie back to her.
This year, the administration found an actual problem with FISA: It requires a warrant to eavesdrop on communications between foreigners that go through computers in the United States.
Q: Can you recommend a Web site where I can get good advice on traveling with kids, as well as recommendations for family-friendly hotels and resorts?
And yet there she was, stuck in traffic in her chauffeured Mercedes sedan, an hour away from the Chanel show, which was to be held at a former palace in St.-Cloud, a suburb of Paris.
When I was a kid, Cirque du Soleil was the alternative circus, the small-scale, artsy answer to the bombast of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey.
I do know that probably both were sold in the portfolio sets.
Joel Silver, Chip Johannessen, Ron Koslow, Rod Holcomb and Gerard Bocaccio, executive producers; Trevor Munson, co-executive producer.
With that mixed recommendation, Yuot enrolled at Widener and found success.
Recommended reading “Adoption Nation” by Adam Pertman.
Columbia’s alums could be proud of the stimulation this controversy has created - while you may not agree with Bollinger’s approach, would you have him be censored or reprimanded?
I guess we’ve always been guardedly hopeful.
The new program is meant to start slowly, with the first portion of the overall program out to bid at $350 million.
However, I see no harm in allowing his radio show to air on armed forces radio.Anyway, I don’t think the troops would listen to a liberal talk radio show, and maybe they shouldn’t.
Peekytoe crab is served with a pineapple foam that amplifies its sweetness and a pine nut purée that holds that effect in delicate check.
Even now Mr. Albee’s eyes spark with satisfaction when he gives a contrary answer, makes an obscure reference, mystifies, illuminates, divulges, withholds.
One favorite is SunPower, which makes solar panels that are much more energy-efficient than their predecessors.
“Light is one element, but it is not the only element,” he said.
Yesterday, he agreed to hold a hearing Dec.
I don’t know what either of my kids would do with a copy of “The Dangerous Book for Boys” or “The Daring Book for Girls.”
I attended a session for new Ribas students in Las Torres, a La Vega barrio near the top of the mountain.
The new WRX is roomier and quieter inside than the car it replaces.
A former adviser and family friend, Peter Johnson Jr., said Mr. Dinkins was doing fine yesterday morning after a night at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell hospital.
I want to make sure that they felt the way that I feel right now.
The film’s slaves are, for the most part, stupid but loyal.
Since this is a production from the Roundabout, which specializes in attractively upholstered costume dramas, that tableau is at least an opulent eyeful.
What they’re really living for is that degree in criminology.
Laurel Burch, who as a 20-year-old single mother found metal in junkyards to hammer into jewelry to support her two children, and went on to win distinction as a fanciful designer and success as a savvy businesswoman, died on Sept.
That reduced the Medicare savings to $776 per patient, Dr. Cohen said.
Bayerische Motoren Werke will cut spending by 6 billion euros ($8.5 billion) over five years and change senior management after losing ground to the Mercedes Car Group of DaimlerChrysler.
Cavett: Who are some of the others?
Tama Janowitz is the author of several novels, short stories and essays.
Digital cameras are with rare exceptions are color recording devices and the standard RGB (red, green, and blue) to monochrome conversion algorithms (like those used in Adobe Photoshop, etc.) are based on a panchromatic response.
“Anthem,” Mr. Scott’s follow-up, pushes toward something deeper.
I aligned the two images, one red, one bluish, atop each other on a common far point, in this case the road in the distance.
“People will understand this” perhaps Fenton thought, “as it is easier to see the cannonballs against the road rather than in the ditch”.
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki expressed concern about the deaths during a regularly scheduled meeting on Monday with General David H. Petraeus, the top American commander in Iraq, a military spokesman said.
After all, everything, like basketball and the airwaves, belongs to them, and people who are not old white men should not make an issue out of their race or gender by playing basketball, which gets on the nerves of old white men anyway and plays the gender and race card.
The one thing that we know about the rocks — Marmaduke, George, Lionel, Oswald and Fred — is that they were not posed.
Insightful remarks on the clouding capacity religion too often serves in the U.S. I am no longer a Christian, but I retain a certain respect for aspects of that faith and I certainly don’t see wilful blindness to socio-economic realities as a virtue Christians are urged to pursue.
For her part, Mrs. Kirchner faces some tough policy decisions if she is elected.
He also confirmed the link between REM and dreaming, and for a time hopes for sleep research — and money for it — soared.
Residents who refer buyers get a $5,000 finder’s fee and an extra $5,000 for the buyer.
DENNIS PURCELL: The placement is too good.
Along with my isolation that only widened the distance between myself and the Vietnamese American community.
I resented Wolf BLitzer trying to turn it into a free for all the first 15 minutes which left Obama bleeding and clinton smirking with her mud and I’m ahead lines.
The demogrants were a bit woolly but not all that different from Nixon’s own guaranteed-income proposal, the Family Assistance Plan, which died in the Senate that same year.
The two women’s first project at Paramount Vantage was “An Inconvenient Truth,” after which they decided that all the films made internally were going to be carbon neutral, said Ms. Kacandes.
We ordered the “cracker appetizer plate,” which included fried mushrooms, fried ingots of gator tail, fried green tomatoes and fried frog legs whose girth and musculature would have put a speed skater to shame.
It contains some strong language and sexual situations.
Christian Tetzlaff and Alexander Lonquich are to perform additional Beethoven sonatas tomorrow afternoon and Tuesday evening at the 92nd Street Y, 1395 Lexington Avenue; (212) 415-5500 or 92y.org.
In the dance-drama, Pamina Devi, portrayed by the delicate Pumtheara Chend, is abducted by Thornea (Sok Sokhan) to the dismay of her mother, Sayon Reachny, the Queen of the Night (the wonderfully imperious Sam Sathya).
The last time a serious version of the story opened onstage in New York — the 1981 Broadway drama written by Victor Gialanella — it closed after just one regular performance.
In the Nurses’ Health Study, Dr. Najib T. Ayas, then at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, found that among 71,617 women followed for 10 years, long and short sleepers both faced increased risk of heart disease.
I still drift off on tasks and find I have completely got off task quite frequently.
Now, the long, light-filled upstairs space is Ms. Freeman’s art studio.
It seems unlikely that in that short time a detail happened to move in (an activity he no doubt would have discouraged during the exposures) and gleaned the balls from the road.
Mr. Gore’s supporters could still begin a write-in campaign on his behalf if he does not meet that deadline.
Jan and Juergen Striemer moved to the city after living for more than 40 years in Los Angeles.
United Rentals shares fell 3.7 percent, to close at $22.50.
White Australian writers have long tried to tackle Aboriginal subjects, starting with Herbert Xavier and his “Capricornia” (1938), a sweeping social protest novel that described the subjugation of Aborigines at the hands of white settlers.
Instead, the biggest change was the number of times people woke after having fallen asleep.
It’s just not the one the filmmakers want to tell.
Parking and utilities will be housed underground.
Cio-Cio-San, she of the title role, is one of opera’s great paradoxes: the frail, 15-year-old bride given music of unrelenting hurricane force.
Ricardo Castro, an architecture professor at McGill University in Montreal who has written about Mr. Salmona’s work, said he sought to incorporate his buildings into the surrounding landscape.
While they play under different glares of publicity here in Boston, the worlds of Boston College athletics and the Red Sox do mix.
And Google, which now has more than 16,000 employees, is hardly the start-up it once was.
Li Yuanwei, the China Basketball Association’s executive vice president, said he welcomed the venture, provided China received its share.
Now the talk about a Cardinals quarterback controversy is everywhere.
Ms. Peterson, 25, and the boy were found and apprehended Friday night by Mexican authorities.
Calling that “absolutely nothing” is dismissive and strikes me as overtly biased against him without any substantiation for your position.
Directed by Alex LeMay; written by Thomas G. Lemmer, based on a story by Michael Reynolds; narrated by Art Hoyle; directors of photography, Andrew Dryer and Peter Biagi; edited by Martin Nelson and Mike Russell; music by Geno Lenardo; produced by Mr. LeMay, Jimmy Finkl, Mr. Russell and Marybeth Mazzone; released by Cinema Libre Studio.
Sci Fi, Sunday night at 9, Eastern and Pacific times; 8, Central time.
Because reviewers are not lawyers — at LegalZoom, they are often law students or other college graduates — they are prohibited by law from providing legal advice.
Many of those critics, including some current and former lifeguards, and national water safety experts, regard the program as a fief within the city’s Parks and Recreation Department whose leadership has gone virtually unchanged through two decades of questions about its supervision, training and hiring.
You couldn’t ask for a better match of new school and old, of bleeding-edge digital technology and antediluvian pen and ink.
At a news conference yesterday before the arrests, Taylor said that he knew three individuals had been detained, but said that the police did not want him to comment further.
The Wagon R is not only the best-selling of 58 models in the Kei (pronounced kay, short for keijidsha, meaning light automobile) category, Suzuki also boasts that it is Japan’s best-selling model of any type.
“I told him the story and he looked at me with such compassion and said, ‘Give me a hug.’
She said her family might go to watch the balloons get blown up for the parade.
The better plot thread, though, concerns three black talking heads (Henry Afro-Bradley, Karen Denise Page and Robert Turner) on the payroll of a right-wing institute financed by the drug company.
Attention Turkish restaurants!
21, the day the governor suspended parole for violent offenders.
But Mr. Bloomberg should ditch the simplistic and counterproductive A through F rating system.
It isn’t all sweetness and light and California sunshine.
Violent conflicts may occur, but they are not an everyday occurrence in the lives of the neighborhood’s inhabitants.
In an interview with the German newspaper Bild, Dejagah said his decision was political.
Are you serious!?????
For those who associate soapbox racing with Eisenhower-era Boy Scouts, the latest generation of build-it-yourself car enthusiasts may come as a surprise.
It was also from this 1,800-square-foot building and six adjacent 40-foot-long metal shipping containers that Mr. Saffar plied his personal arms trade, co-workers said.
Skepticism about the validity of the Blue Sky ratings is common.
Mr. Sharif had called for a boycott of the election to protest the continued rule of Pakistan’s president, Pervez Musharraf, who imposed a state of emergency on Nov.
Ms. Morin-Desailly pointed out that five years ago, the museum refused a request by New Zealand to send back a 19th century Maori canoe, because it had to follow that law.
Not much else flourishes.
When nearly 1,100 people responded to “Which Came First,” I decided to provide a statistical analysis of the various attempts to order the Fenton photographs.
Casual viewers can thus reassure themselves that they don’t have to worry about climate change.
Two police sources said the shooting on Tuesday was in the central Baghdad district of Karrada.
In other news from the Romney campaign, it announced the winner of the “Create Your Own Ad” contest, selecting the commercial by Ryan Whitaker, a 23 year-old college student from Provo, Utah.
How big are these cannonballs?
Beasley dedicated himself to becoming stronger when he arrived at Kansas State in late July after playing in the FIBA Under-19 World Championships.
Fox News Channel, tonight at 9, Eastern and Pacific times; 8, Central time.
“Corpse Pose,” a song from the late Unwound’s “Repetition” album.
I also note with pleasure at questioning the how the balls to the left would have moved out of their indentions in the earth.
But other research has suggested that such techniques may be excessive, and may have the unintended consequence of diminishing medical care for quarantined patients.
The building in Brooklyn at 531 Knickerbocker Avenue owes $87,709, the most of any of the buildings listed.
Violence, vengeance, motiveless evil: these are on the verge of becoming movie clichés, but genuine, rigorous pessimism about human nature still has the power to shock.
Certainly when he makes panoramas in the Crimea, the camera is in one place and it’s rotated to a degree.
His mother encouraged young Robert to paint.
An Orange spokeswoman, Béatrice Mandine, did not return phone calls seeking comment on Tuesday.
30, the day before the companies announced they were in talks over the potential deal.
Committee members said Wednesday that children with a history of asthma or wheezing should be given shots instead.
The district’s two villages, Tarrytown and Sleepy Hollow, are both heavily blue collar, and when factories like the General Motors assembly plant closed, the houses left empty by departing auto workers were filled with Latino immigrants.
Though not state workers, they are using the opportunity to protest job cuts.
The oldest part, Dalt Vila, is a Unesco World Heritage site with a tiny modern art museum, Museu d'Art Contemporani (Ronda Narcis Puget; 34-971-302-723) that is worth seeing.
Kathleen did her guiding by giving out sweaters and hats hand-knit by members of American churches.
(“How else would you not talk to your family?” one friend asked me.)
“When scores become so high stakes, then you have to really think about and ensure the reliability of these testing systems,” she said, adding that the federal scores “call into question the reliability of the New York State testing system.
According to a presentence investigation prepared by the Montgomery County Probation Department, Garrett began abusing drugs and alcohol some time after his graduation from high school in 2001.
MINGORA, Pakistan, Oct.
Aalto’s organic style of Modernism, with gentle curves and natural materials, has proved so popular that most of his furniture is still in production.
It’s fun to watch this acting odd couple spar even in such a visually inert context.
And we don't often row.
By the way, although one can read too much into coincidences, I noticed that this week (today, actually) is the anniversary of the Charge of the Light Brigade.
10.
“Things are on the verge of change,” said Guillaume Cerutti, president of Sotheby’s in France, who said the French government might be ready to loosen its hold on the auction business.
Since the silverfish probably entered the house through the basement, clean it thoroughly, tossing out cardboard boxes and addressing any dampness problems.
“I’m happy to announce we got our miracle on 44th Street,” said Mr. Sanna, surrounded by his young and happy cast.
“Fuat!
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept.
Violence, vengeance, motiveless evil: these are on the verge of becoming movie clichés, but genuine, rigorous pessimism about human nature still has the power to shock.
By Edmond Rostand; translated and adapted by Anthony Burgess; directed by David Leveaux; sets by Tom Pye; costumes by Gregory Gale; lighting by Don Holder; sound by David Van Tieghem; hair and wig design by Tom Watson; technical supervisor, Hudson Theatrical Associates; production stage manager, Marybeth Abel; general manager, the Charlotte Wilcox Company.
For starters, the Old Guard on both agriculture committees has managed to preserve the entire hoary contraption of direct payments, countercyclical payments and loan deficiency payments that subsidize the five big commodity crops — corn, wheat, rice, soybeans and cotton — to the tune of $42 billion over five years.
Here is a man of courage and conviction.
LOS ANGELES — Goblins, trolls and dragons were a breeze compared with the caustic clash of egos that kept “The Hobbit” in Hollywood limbo for years.
Although Iraq professes to have a unity government, the unity often seems to exist in name only, with the different parties dividing up the spoils, like control of ministries, rather than trying to make the government efficient, and with the different factions disagreeing on many policy positions.
HIDDEN in the thoughts of collectors of old automobiles is the ambition to, one day, collect the whole set.
Michael Rosenberg, 49, a volunteer customer service agent, or “Airport Ambassador,” wore a red vest and a gold watch as he guided travelers through the unusually short security line.
We cover start-ups, giant enterprises, government policies and the way technology is used around the world.
On Nov.
On Thursday, oil prices retreated from that early record to settle down more than $1, in part because of dismal reports on consumer spending and industrial activity that also factored into the Dow Jones industrial average’s 362-point decline.
Yes, I don’t miss all that terrible peace and prosperity we had during the Clinton years.
I am sure that you are aware that immediately following 9/11, Clear Channel, (the owners of which are friends of Bush) the company that now monopolizes our nation’s radio stations,wouldn’t allow “Give Peace a Chance” to be played on any of its channels.hmmm.
In this instance, though, the Yankees say they will not give Rivera the fourth year he wants.
I thought last nights 309′ single was gone too.
In return, Syria was promised that Israel’s occupation of the Golan Heights, taken from Syria in the 1967 war, would be on the agenda.
And second, the original legislation was passed with the strong encouragement of the John Wayne estate — and Wayne had died in 1979.
It was there, according to legend, that the demi-god Maui fished up the Hawaiian islands from the ocean with a magic fishhook, lifting the heavens high above the earth so that humans could walk upright.
The C300 Luxury and C350 Sport come with a seven-speed automatic; a six-speed manual is standard on the C300 Sport.
So many composers develop a late style when they are about 50, but Elliott had to wait for his 80s to achieve his.
Some wore ordinary street clothes, some white robes and knit white skullcaps.
We would probably be better served if we raised Congressional pay dramatically, into a range where our representatives can feel comfortable not chasing after every industry contact they can, so as to secure a big payday upon their term’s expiration.
The other problem was that mixing plastic with the more expensive ingredient took six hours in a rotating drum and produced a sticky, oily material that was hard to manufacture into beads.
Neverthless, grace abides for us all; but it is not cheap grace.
I was after the two island exports I encounter most often in upscale restaurants in New York, and I was determined to savor them at their source.
To help take the program he believes is the future of running mainstream, Mr. Fitzgerald wrote “Brain Training for Runners” (NAL Trade), a 562-page tome, published last month.
As a matter of fact there are an infinite number if big bangs going off all of the time.
The barge features power generation through solar energy, wind and biofuels, and its gardens are irrigated by rainwater and purified river water.
Even though she answers to the president, would the nominee represent all Americans?
We begin then with an image — an image that is all about, believe it or not, the relationship between Haynes and his film, between Dylan and Haynes, between the artist and the subject he is trying to portray.
Bad-weather games can make for great theater at home but can be miserable for those on the field.
“But yes, I have an old diary that ended up here on these preposterous uncataloged shelves.”
While stationed at Fort Stewart, Ga., he took an associate’s degree in law-enforcement studies, then a bachelor’s degree in criminology.
The Anaheim Ducks acquired center Brian Sutherby from the Washington Capitals for a second-round draft pick in the 2009 entry draft.
Mr. Butler is a health policy expert at the Heritage Foundation, a politically conservative research center in Washington.
Members of Local One, the union representing almost all Broadway stagehands, authorized their leaders to call a strike in a unanimous vote yesterday, the union said.
It had only one program, which ran all day, handed off from host to host.
The American voter is denied the opportunity for much needed change when the plutocracy prevails!
Mr. Bowers likened the Littleton Coin Company to Wal-Mart, because of its versatility and its huge stock of popular collector coins.
Three weeks later, Mr. Kerik sat down for a nearly two-hour interview with top officials at the Department of Investigation.
Me too.
When the time came to place orders for equipment this year, Mr. Kabat decreased his order by about 25 to 30 percent, he said, but even that may have been too much.
Neoconservatives and others built a creed around the words of Lincoln and the founders.
John Lennon’s unique place in pop culture, his personal character, his belief in the common man and his total commitment to the kind of ethics and propriety so lacking in the dangerous fools who are now running the Gov’t these days gave him a personal platform which was so effective that the White House felt it necessary to actually try to deport him.
He was composing.
There are still two weekends left.
The company said it expected to post a loss of 22 cents to 24 cents a share.
This society is spending too much time trying to cure kids and not enough time educating the mainstream on how to best understand their needs and desires as they grow and change.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Former Rep. Henry Hyde, the Illinois Republican who steered the impeachment proceedings against President Clinton and championed government restrictions on the funding of abortions, has died.
In other words, what historically has been good for gold has not usually been good for stocks, and vice versa.
But it is better to buy a white CoolMax singlet the day before a race than run in a black cotton long-sleeve.
That provision helped win the support of the powerful sugar industry, whose farms have long encroached on and polluted the Everglades, and of Jeb Bush, then the governor.
The water projects measure has something for nearly every state and Congressional district and easily cleared Congress.
They probably also read Playboy for the articles.
I’m sure Apple has to behave the way it is as part of their deal with AT&T. Apple is in a bind now.
He also knocked out potboiler novels.
In an interview with Wolf Blitzer yesterday, he was asked if illegal immigrants should have licenses.
The Indians, who were 52-29 at home this season, have won all three home games in October.
During my first miles around town it seemed as if the steering was a little too light and the suspension too soft.
After Chris offers wise, sympathetic counsel to Rainey (Brian Dierker), a middle-aged hippie he has befriended on the road, the older man looks at him with quiet amazement.
However, smartphones like the BlackBerry were designed to deal primarily with e-mail, and the iPhone uses a slow connection to the Internet, so you can’t make video calls with it or quickly jump from Web site to Web site.
The two paid around $1,375 for a small studio.
Gore galore.
As the sun set, the Urban Divers headed back to Clason Point in the Bronx.
Democrats and Republicans are members of the board, although one well-informed blogger says the membership has been “listing rightward” since a recent departure.
There was enough support in other accounts, though, along with the contradictions, for the courts’ verdicts on the two Limas, Sergeant Villanueva and Father Orantes (of a right-wing Catholic family and reportedly once identified by the bishop as an informer).
For several years Ms. Day was also often called “the first lady of baseball” for her earlier marriage to Leo Durocher, the Hall of Fame manager of what were then the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants.
''This is a great day for North Texas as we welcome this wonderful company and the jobs it will create,'' said state Sen. Florence Shapiro, R-Plano.
7.
The Ticketmaster suit includes a statement from a former ticket broker, Chris Kovach, who was originally named as defendant but later settled with Ticketmaster.
Since the gunpowder charges of the time did not detonate, they didn’t leave craters like those in WWI.
Ives can use music to editorialize, hence “In Flanders Fields” and its bitter antiwar noisemaking.
Perhaps then we can start educating our own scientists, medical researchers, teachers, engineers - instead of just importing them from abroad.
You can’t have a health center addressing AIDS without running water, and when the water comes, all services improve.
Video projections by Mirit Tal echo the images onstage.
The survey also found that the number of public university presidents making $700,000 or more rose to eight in 2006-7, the reporting period for public institutions.
As some posters on here have pointed out, what works for some may not work for others.
Hoist those bags!
Russert and, of course, Chris Matthews, have been out to get Clinton for a long time.
The next best thing to your ABC and PBS programs.
A news site, for example, could show only its own articles and ads to people as they talked to friends.
The store, which opened last year, is something between a premium specialty shop and a museum dedicated to a yearning for past quality — a sentiment easily detected in the antique wooden furniture and Persian rugs that decorate the shop.
But the discounter raised its profit outlook to a range of 66 cents to 69 cents from its previous 62 cents to 65 cents.
So many of them are so actable.
Her policy’s are a deliberately muddled mess.
Looking at the photos, they appear to have been taken with different focal lengths and the development process appears to be different.
Meyer was arrested on charges of resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, according to Alachua County jail records, but the State Attorney's Office had yet to make the formal charging decision.
I am interested in updating the kitchen again.
Plenty of other kids manned that library submarine with me.
To paraphrase them, they said: “I’ve always thought that you New Yorkers were crazy for eating on the sides of busy streets!”
Why anyone would deal with telco mentality of innovation in exchange for suppressing all other related innovation is beyond me.
They support the team, and they will fill the new park when it opens in 2010.
He crossed the border at Buffalo on Monday morning and on Tuesday crashed the giant cigar party and trade show sponsored by the publisher of Cigar Aficionado magazine at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square.
Fares start at about $300 (and a $10 tourist card must be purchased upon arrival).
Don't ask for your espresso to go; not only will you not get it, you might get a lecture about why that's a terrible idea.
It just so happened that the same social worker had taken a call earlier in the week from her daughter and put 2 and 2 together and they were reunited!
It seems as if some festival or exhibit is always either just ending or about to start up.
After finishing her bachelor’s degree this summer and gaining her release from Syracuse, DeRosa was back in a college uniform, this time for Hofstra.
Mrs. Clinton must contend with the implications of her positioning among more than just caucus-goers in Iowa.
The data that fill many college guidebooks paint a picture of the student body as it passes through the university’s front gate, taking the students’ measure with SAT scores, class rank and the like.
I give her advice on her son, her oldest child, who is closer to my age than I am to hers.
Holly Hunter: Alberta Ferretti nightgown.
But he picked himself up, dried himself off and found redemption with three consecutive birdies to earn a half point on a day the International team dominated.
The panel, convened by the National Research Council, said improved agricultural practices, water recycling and other steps might reduce possible problems.
Sacred Heart built an early 19-11 lead with 9:50 left in the first half, but Harvard responded and trailed 32-29 at the half.
Dr. Crow and his supporters among students and faculty say, however, that he has presided over a major transformation of the university.
I liked the idea that, through supreme force of will, I could free myself from the iron grip of Big Pharma.
The I-Man returns.
“It’s really refreshing to see a star who’s like that,” said Charlotte Weiss.
The clumsy iDrive knob remains the most illogical, ill-conceived systems controller from any car company.
One positive factor is that property values have soared so much in the last few years that both the co-op and the lot next door are worth far more than they were when the building was sealed.
Ms. Brevetti, a former federal prosecutor, said that her client’s activities were proper and that he had not been involved in any business with the state pension fund.
Seen from the front, the furs had a vintage elegance; seen from the behind, they were ruins: shaved, torched, torn, sutured and paint-smeared.
But his father’s admiration for Mattingly has long been known, and this may be the last major decision in which George Steinbrenner is involved.
Does anyone know where to find a copy of the PDF of the Edwards brochure?
A spokesman for Sallie Mae said that the company would give fuller guidance on its condition next month and declined to comment on the call or the stock price drop.
A $1,000 fine is the minimum any pigeon feeder should have to pay for fouling our sidewalks and parks with these disease-ridden flying rodents.
Sanctuary Was a Lovely Word.
I completely agree with Mr. Fish.
She didn’t want to see her daughter disappointed; maybe she’d have a stronger shot applying early someplace where the field was less crowded.
Technical problems with the lights and sound (there are microphones on the street and speakers in the theater) were still being worked out.
And for the sake of full disclosure, label him a concerned parent of two children enrolled in the city’s public school system, a system he joined in January 2006.
We satisfy our guilty-pleasure appetite for vicarious criminality with different sorts of charismatic bad guys now.
When she was standing, it had been obscured by the shade and the trailing branches of the weeping willow.
Thomas has been adamant that the pairing can work, although the accumulating evidence — statistical and observational — shows otherwise.
Bach, first of all, is offering promotional material for a system of tuning favored by him and not far from the equal temperament we use today.
Questioned whether terrorism might be the greatest threat to democracy, Fish correctly responds by noting that terrorism threatens us if in our fight we allow ourselves to give up our own specific political rights and moral judgments.
Each time, black anger deepened.
Perhaps most important to commuters, the capacity increase would also mean that the train system would be able to accommodate 10,000 more people during the morning and evening rushes; about 50,000 riders now use PATH trains during the rush periods.
Friday’s attendance was only 15,076, below the capacity of 17,625.
It’s produced throughout Scandinavia and northern Germany, each country and producer doing it in a unique way, but Norwegian aquavit has some key differences from the rest: it must be made only from potato spirits (Norwegian distillers call potatoes the grapes of the north), it must be aged in wood, and it is never served freezing cold.
If one feels the need to address the RANDOM factor, then perhaps people started removing some of the balls from Barrage 2 before the photographer was ready for the ON shot — I could even suggest, based on the most pessimistic arguments regarding his psychology, that he indeed might have suggested which ONES to remove from barrage 2 to ensure a good remaining shot with lots of contrast.
Ironically, stuffing our experiences in a box and never allowing it to be opened again (a common practice which is often admired, embodied in the common phrase, “Suck it up and drive on”) can have debilitating effects which last for decades, with the signature signs of PTSD manifesting themselves in our relationships and in our professional lives.
Presenting neither an argument for medication nor its rejection, “Billy the Kid” is a deceptively simple portrait of a shockingly self-aware and articulate young man.
"There are lots of fears that their culture is getting destroyed," Sayed said.
Mr. Maloney sounds to me like a ‘poor little white boy’ who doesn’t seem to realize that for centuries Western civilization was skewed for the benefit of white men (especially Protestant men).
10 — The blanket of China’s air defense radar now almost matches similar networks in developed countries, state media reported today, in an announcement that coincided with Taiwan’s first National Day military parade in 16 years.
It means constant thinking, rethinking, discarding and starting from zero over and over again, even suspending what we already know.
On Oct.
Oops.
But how could so many people have been so wrong at the same time and in the same ways?
However, as Haworth-Booth suggested in my interview with him, this is not a view shared by all museum curators of photography.
Brush lightly with pesto or soy sauce and sesame oil, and serve hot or warm.
Furthermore, Big Pharma’s not getting fat and happy from my ADD.
But the answer is not to say that people spend too much time with their kids.
But for the moment, the Yorba Linda Wonder must remain center stage, at least until I’ve therapeutically exorcised his ghost on your time, so to say.
Please come back soon - I really enjoyed your essays.
The 22 were hired to cook in restaurants and other institutions at starting salaries averaging $10 an hour, she said, and at least 15 of the 22 were still in culinary jobs last month.
First, when Mr. Cavett refers to Julie Nixon Eisenhower as Cordelia, that is a compliment.
Few of us would have tried.
There are little tiny ones.
Cabrera will be followed by Jon Leicester, who beat the Angels in his last start, and the left-hander Brian Burres.
He also writes the syndicated column Continental Drifter.
I offer no explanation as to why the cannon balls appear or disappear, I only submit that there’s no way the cannon ball picture (ON) could have been made first based on the lighting.
Last year, he missed 28 of the last 36 games.
He was the first American to win the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player in the playoffs when the Rangers won the Stanley Cup in 1994.
Crude oil futures settled at $90.62 a barrel in New York trading, down more than $7 from its non-inflation adjusted all-time high set on Friday.
“If you’re very lucky in show business, you win some, and you lose most.
Because Ortiz is a power hitter known for his game-ending hits, he probably does not receive enough acclaim for his skills as a technician.
Increasingly, he plays a major role in setting the tone at this annual extravaganza for aftermarket parts companies, industry executives, dealers, buyers and journalists.
Mr. Greenberg, the first court-appointed guardian, said that he served only a few months before stepping down after he realized how complicated the guardianship case was, especially because of the many characters who he said claimed to be Mr. Phillips’s “friends” but instead were ripping him off.
Johnson was a defenseman with Montreal and Boston before becoming a coach and executive with the Bruins for more than three decades.
Because there isn’t a woman’s radio show.
I imagined Ms. Simpson boasting to Mr. Ashford afterward, “We’ve got what everybody wants,” and Mr. Ashford flashing a sly, sexy grin in agreement.
A companion program, called taxi monitor, shows all the planes that have pulled away from the gate but have not yet taken off, listing the time they have sat.
The project is to include the partial re-creation of its facade and a towering cupola.
One person who knew Riggio well was Jay Chiat, a founder of Chiat/Day, the Los Angeles-based advertising firm.
Only the patient will be rewarded.
In a telephone interview from his office in Syracuse, Mr. Kelly said he was fully qualified to defend Mr. Adams, since “95 percent of my practice is criminal defense work.”
On Monday night, as the International Atomic Energy Agency’s director general, Mohamed ElBaradei, was due in India for what the government described as a routine, long-planned visit, political squabbling intensified, and speculation was rife that the increasingly strained relations between Mr. Karat’s party and the government that it has supported were about to give way.
That reputation will get another upgrade next spring when a new-generation M3 arrives in the United States, two decades after the first M cars made their American debut.
Officials in various agencies have relaxed industry regulations and have chosen not to challenge big corporate mergers.
But it is because I am concerned about middle- and working-class Americans that I support Joe Biden for his acumen on foreign policy and Iraq and John Edwards for his stance on health care and the rebuilding of New Orleans and other distressed areas.
17, the law school said it would allow recruiters from the Air Force and Navy to participate in a university-sponsored job interview program for law students on Monday afternoon.
It gave the Eagles their eighth consecutive bowl victory, the longest current streak in college football.
A number of reform clubs and African-American political leaders have backed Justice Johnson, while Judge Simpson has the support of the Brooklyn Democratic leader, Assemblyman Vito J. Lopez.
That’s the focus here.
Soft-spoken Mr. Scandura still teaches history, but now he does so in a replica of an old classroom filled with wooden desks designed with inkwell slots.
The way New Yorkers feel about the rich, and the impact of wealth on city life, obviously has a good deal to do with whether they feel like winners or losers in the city’s Darwinian competition.
Journalism, too, has moved on.
Black friends assumed he was black.
Amid the stock market ructions, investors dived for the cover of safe-haven government bonds, sending yields sharply lower.
Many talent managers view 360s as a thinly veiled money grab and are skeptical that the labels, with their work forces shrinking amid industrywide cost cutting, will deliver on their promises of patience.
Adding to the frustration were the multiple language barriers on set: the crew was American, the cameraman French and the director himself, with his elegant black suit and air of patrician reserve, as Austrian as Austrian can be.
And even he emerged from prison a very rich man (and by what I see here in Los Angeles, a model citizen).
Certainly.
Other crowd estimates were lower.
I let them search the house.
It’s really the main production.
She and her two friends raised their target rent to $1,300 each, from $1,000.
Why were the colors always in the same order?
I grew up thinking about things in a very different way, and it wasn’t until the last year or so of high school that I realized that other parents didn’t necessarily care what their kids thought.
The experts all agreed that before someone even considers selling a piece of jewelry, whether for scrap, at auction or to a local retailer, that person should do research and try to determine its current value.
The Rangers said defenseman Darius Kasparaitis, who is playing in the minors, is working on a deal to play this season in the Russian Elite League.
In the run-up to the presidential election, some Democrats have made an effort, with greater or lesser success, to reclaim and redefine some of the religious terrain previously grabbed by religious conservatives.
While these visits are short on useful medical information, they do allow me to keep up with trends in drug marketing.
23 — There were 36,939 fans at Fenway Park on June 14, and it is almost certain that none of them expected to see a preview of the pitching matchup for Game 1 of the World Series.
That was down from 41 percent a decade before.
Introduced in 1957, the small Toyopet was essentially laughed out of American showrooms, forcing the company to virtually shut down its sales operation the following year before coming back in 1959.
THE BEAUTIFUL THINGS THAT HEAVEN BEARS.
Fantasy.
Singles who sign up for the trip more than 30 days before departure may request a roommate to avoid a single-room charge.
Mr. Lidle was a novice pilot who had bought the plane in 2005 for $187,000.
Clurman Theater at Theater Row, 410 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 279-4200.
BOSTON, Nov.
We filled out the by now familiar questionnaires and came in for the appointment.
Globus is also offering a Legendary Danube river cruise through its Avalon Waterways brand, which sails from Nuremberg to Budapest, with prices from $1,949 a person this November, including wine tastings and lectures.
Someone who can fix their dinner as well as their toys.
Or told Sparling, his assistant: “Get rid of the elephant.”
If he could find the right chemical mixture, the professor surmised, he could retain the chewy without the sticky.
I don’t think he requires yjour spanking.
“We have demonstrated that we are supportive of improving the quality and care of health care in the U.S. as well as of our employees, retirees and dependents,” she said.
Of widespread drug use?
In between matches, Aron Pilhofer can be found working on the politics desk of The New York times as a database/projects editor.
When a university president strikes the tone of arrogance and isolationist ignorance of Bush/Cheney, it it hard not to lose all hope for rationale thought and discussion.
But he read a lot, played sports, created science experiments and was accepted into his first-choice, Ivy League college.
Bush also promised to announce on Thursday nominees to fill some of the dozen vacant senior leadership jobs in the department, which has been in a state of upheaval since a series of controversies -- including the dismissals of federal prosecutors -- led to the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
Olga led us first to the Woronzoff Ravine, marked on contemporary maps as lying to the east of the Valley of the Shadow of Death.
The Rockies brought Jeremy Affeldt from the bullpen, and he retired Stephen Drew on a fly ball to end the threat.
Animated series like “The Simpsons” and “Family Guy,” completed up to a year in advance, are strike-proof for this season at least.
These balls could not have been so heavy if Fenton was planning to bring one home as a souvenir.
I wanted to figure out if you could get audiences back if the economic piece of the puzzle was no longer a factor.
But I do see a connection between the Times Sq.
On Wednesday, Bryan Baldwin, a spokesman for the airline, said, “What we really need is to have a venue where the airlines can come together and talk about schedules with antitrust immunity.”
That sentence does not compute.
The bar in the background is lit up by the sun, indicating that the sun is still nearly perpendicular to the buildings on Montparnasse.
Thank you Judith Warner for an excellent article.
The working world has moved from the former to the latter, and while some people end up with eight different bosses, it’s been for the best.
Mr. Garriott’s contained a small box of mounting brackets and connectors.
“There are about 250 residential homes on Faro and over 1,000 summer homes,” said Thomas Soderlund, owner of Stora Gasemora, the closest thing to a hotel on Faro (46-498-22-37-26; www.gasemora.se).
In 1999 to 2005, tens of thousands of outdated windows were replaced with double-pane models.
Every ice cider producer has a signature twist on the product, whether it be a special blend or process.
Millions of airways, with enough surface area to cover a tennis court, provide so much reserve that most people would not notice it if they lost the use of a third or even half of a lung.
He was 61.
I go on the Internet and look for mean things that have been written about the shows that I work on.
While a short delay in development was technically possible, in practice immediate development was preferable to avoid fidelity losses and to determine if the shot was successful before leaving the scene.
And this was before Facebook got a valuation of $15 billion via an investment from Microsoft on Wednesday.
Lenox contributed $250,000 to the effort, and Richard Morris Hunt, the first American architect trained at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, was selected to design the structure.
It fronts the cactus-studded Ethnobotanical Garden and is housed in the stately former convent of the Santo Domingo Church, a 16th-century Baroque structure with swirls of gilded detailing.
That fund, however, was formally created only recently, about a year after the first payment from a developer was made.
That same month, a Newark police sergeant involved in a crackdown on drag racing on Doremus Avenue, a frequent site of illegal late-night races, was killed when his squad car flipped while chasing a suspect.
JOHANNESBURG, Sept.
When I was 15, I got pregnant and had an abortion.
I have never watched nor listened to Imus and after the “incident” being referred to, I realized that I wasn’t missing anything worthwhile.
Microsoft happens to be the largest enterprise customer for Apple.
Mr. Rabinowitz represented unions on the left wing of the labor movement like the American Communications Association, which represented employees in the telephone, telegraph and broadcast industries.
The Times’s figure for total people evacuated, based on calls to county officials, stands at 505,600.
Researchers who followed the health of nearly 500 older people for almost a decade found that those who walked more quickly were less likely to die over the course of the study.
Five more are experimenting with vegetables.
Ratings and running times are in parentheses; foreign films have English subtitles.
An Ignite spokesman said seven Cows were donated last year to the Fund for Public Schools in New York City.
Valery Gergiev and his Kirov Orchestra, along with a planeload of choristers and soloists from the Maryinsky Theater in St. Petersburg, Russia, finished their short residency at Carnegie Hall on Tuesday evening.
I served with SF in Vietnam and was wounded twice there.
Michael Thomas, the author of “Man Gone Down”; David Orr on poetry; Sam Tanenhaus on Saul Bellow.
There is on-camera solicitation and off-camera acceptance.
“You cannot fall in love with a horse in this day and age because the good ones are going to be taken from you because of the money,” said Carl Nafzger, the trainer of Street Sense.
His moves, though their end is logical, are considered and executed within a living frame work and driven by experience and knowledge, both of chess and his opponent.
All the while, the Red Sox have hummed along on Manny’s carefree vibe.
The Times has always allowed reader comments on the many blogs it publishes, with those responses screened by the newsroom staff.
Mrs. Arroyo named Mr. Abalos chairman of the election commission in 2002.
Henry grew up in Les Ulis, a southwestern suburb of Paris.
Look at the whole picture rather than focussing on the easiest target.
He might know plenty about putting together the financing on a big commercial development, but he didn’t feel he had the skills or knowledge, he says, “to take this large corpus of capital and redeploy it into a diverse portfolio.”
I would be remiss, however, not to mention as part of this discussion that many of us have chosen to look outside of Christianity (or the other Big Three religions) for answers that accommodate both science and belief in a Higher Being or beings.
As for drug plans, three in four covered employees are in them, with average out-of-pocket payments of $11 for generic drugs, $25 for the health plan’s preferred brand-name drugs and $43 for brands not on the preferred list.
I was also told there were Kei ambulances, too.
That demonstration was against the peace conference in Annapolis.
This fall, G.M. reached an agreement with 73,000 union workers in the United States, one-fifth the number when Mr. Smith was chief executive.
Adam Wolfington, 16, was matched with his adoptive family before his birth in 1991.
Can we continue an interventionist foreign policy with a country divided in this way?
He proposes that work groups whose members are widely dispersed but need to have high levels of coordination — say, a computer security team protecting a global bank — do not have to assemble everyone in one room to reap the same benefit.
I spend weekends in Richmond, going to little league baseball games.
I have since been lecturing migraine sufferers in the family about the rebound effect of painkillers, urging them to exercise instead.
On the issue of cowardice, what is cowardly about trying to stay alive?
Although he is a decade or two older than the major figures of the New Hollywood, he is often associated with that mythologized period, thanks to the consensus classics “Dog Day Afternoon” (1975) and “Network” (1976).
(AP) -- A top Democratic fundraiser wanted as a fugitive in California turned himself in Friday to face a grand theft charge.
That said, substantial credit goes to Coughlin and his players for reversing field when they appeared to be, after their first two games, on an icy sleigh ride to Christmas oblivion; for generating a warrior mentality on the way to seven straight road victories; and for not succumbing to their share of impact injuries during the second half of the season.
Google sent me a Blackberry to try this out.
Presumably clean, he was never the same.
The last time Philadelphia played a postseason game was Oct.
Murphy's parents both cried at points in the ceremony as they stood next to the president and listened to their son's heroism recounted.
Though I suppose a glass (or three) of wine could also work depending on bladder size (thanks 44. ;)).
In addition to Colonel Melroy, Colonel Zamka and Dr. Parazynski, the crew includes Paolo A. Nespoli, an Italian representing the European Space Agency; Col. Douglas H. Wheelock of the Army; and Stephanie D. Wilson.
When Long-Term Capital began to crater, Lehman was rumored to be insolvent — gossip that still irks Mr. Fuld.
Mr. Klein said he expected several companies to donate discounted phone service and tickets to events.
There came one of those holidays from USA work which seem to have disappeared: Armistice Day had become (I think) Veterans Day.
“Regulators need to look beyond their current, myopic focus on loan origination and consider how servicers’ calculation and collection practices leave families vulnerable to foreclosure,” said Katherine M. Porter, associate professor of law at the University of Iowa.
Or maybe they (soldiers, whoever) dropped the balls off the road still in the frame of the photo but then simply walked off to wherever they were going out of frame of the photo and kicked the rocks upward in the process.
My injections hold headaches at bay (frequency down to near zero and those are shorter, less intense and likely to be treatable with aspirin) for 2 and a half months…some people get as long as 5 or 6 months.
The cause was heart failure, his daughter Katherine Barrett Greene said.
Doctors are also learning how to use protons to treat lung and breast cancer.
Maybe there are one or two chambers that could have staged the space required to simulate the lunar lander and limited excursions of the Apollo 11 astronauts.
In regards to the Red Sox, I’m beginning to think the Bay Area has some sort of jinx on several teams: Giants, As, 49ers, Raiders, Cal and Stanford have each started recent seasons with high hopes only to plunge into huge losses.
He claimed that the vaccination made men impotent.
They carry on like benign surrogate parents, or therapists, solemnly monitoring the behavior of the film’s mixed-up younger folks.
He smiled and said “Hi, kid”.
The Cubs, Phillies and Angels were in the playoffs.
The Camorra and the state feed off each other.
This sort of rehearsal on Paula’s part recurs throughout the novel, which evokes perfectly the circularities of a sleepless night, as well as Paula’s maternal anxiety as she spins variations on the dangerous theme of how the twins are going to react.
The DVDs have become popular as a training tool because they allow players and coaches to browse key moments of a match, point-by-point.
It requires every building affected by the law — about 12,000 in all — to inspect any wall taller than six stories and file a report listing any defects by the end of the second year of the five-year inspection cycle.
Under the conditions set in his financing, Mr. O’Connor promised to find buyers for 15 percent, or about 88, of the 584 apartments, and obtain the approval of the attorney general to put the plan into effect by next June 1.
He recruited other wealthy art collectors as well.
Ms. Taylor defended her hiring of family members, saying that she paid her daughter and son-in-law, a licensed contractor, about $35,000 for contracting work on some of Mr. Phillips’s property, roughly half of what she says she owed them.
It would explain child prodigies and their opposite: people who have little or no developed moral sense at all.
When Ann Liv Young participated in Dance Theater Workshop’s Family Matters series several years ago, she was asked to make an adjustment in her piece, which involved performers’ doing upside-down splits with their heads in toilet bowls: Have them don a second pair of underpants.
We move the patients to the air ambulance, secure them in the fixed stretchers.
The scientists had tracked the children — 223 in each group — from ages 6 to 16, taking multiple scans on each child.
Dr. Klevens said further research would be needed to understand the racial and geographic disparities.
That they are played for laughs on this faux cinéma vérité comedy only makes them sharper-edged.
And though he once described the personal computer as the devil’s work (its efficiencies producing more “social disintegration, economic polarization, and environmental devastation”), there he was Tuesday at his modern Adirondack-style house in the woods looking in delight at the inbox on his laptop.
It is hard to say when this former military dictator last paid so much attention to Chad’s children.
Steve Otis, the mayor of Rye, which would be the northern terminus of the tunnel, immediately condemning the idea and Senator Marcellino citing a laundry list of neighborhood concerns.
Mr. Noble is survived by his wife and five children, The Telegraph reported.
Some of them say they feel guilty about living this well.
The picture is pretty darn good.
And always there was that knee-jerk Fox impulse to see the glass as half full.
The décor is country cozy with a natural cedar pitched ceiling and arched windows.
The United States has diplomatic relations with 188 countries, few of which can command the full attention of the secretary of state for an extended period of time.
The Griso is its own bad self, with powerful brakes and an excellent suspension that lend confidence when hustling down a twisty road.
And after a brief recap of art history through Duchamp, he suggested that Etsy could “disturb” the way people see the world, rethinking what makes their possessions important or trivial, leading us to re-evaluate the way we consume.
Accelerating onto Interstate 10, though, incites a turbinelike zing — quite pleasant, really, if not as satisfying as the guttural bark of a V-8 — and the Clarity blends effortlessly into traffic.
He has also learned to withstand the criticism directed at the show, and to see “Cops” as a different proposition from a generation’s worth of tabloid fare that it inspired.
In the places where the XO will be used, power is often scarce.
David C. Bauer, senior vice president of the American Road and Transportation Builders Association, a trade group, said the clash could have major implications for anyone who rides in cars, trucks, trains, buses or subways.
To contrast with our culture, the general pattern I see is that a child is initiated into adulthood at a much earlier age, and from that moment, expected to make decisions for the benefit of the community.
Though each “dorm room” has a propane heater, this group of students has not used them, even though the nighttime temperature has dipped into the teens.
Perfect reception!
The big question remains whether she can transfer her own popularity to Mr. Obama, which may never be known.
Metacafe was one of the first to offer to share its advertising revenue with video owners, but this program is mainly aimed at hobbyists and semi-pros.
It’s doubtful she would’ve attained that office without the tacit support of the New York Times.
Tierney Sutton will perform tonight at Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton; (212) 581-3080.
One of the more terrifying experiences of my life.
Meanwhile, bargainers for both sides this week felt their way toward something missing from their stalled talks: the kind of unofficial conversations that led to deals in the past.
With Congress back at work after a two-week recess, Mr. Bush and the Democrats spent the day lobbing verbal grenades at one another.
So, the celebrated Spotted Pig (“often heroically satisfying food,” wrote Frank Bruni, the restaurant critic for The Times) has Southampton's Belgian-style Double White Ale, winner of several awards and the company's best seller, and also local cask ales.
Say, for the sake of argument, Susan Sontag is right.
They’re better off spending some of the time learning, as my wife so wisely puts it, that there are lots of people outside of the family to love and be loved by.
From Holly Hunter’s baby-nabbing cop in “Raising Arizona” to Sam Elliott’s philosophical cowboy in “The Big Lebowski,” the Coens have created, again and again, instantly iconic creatures of the West.
He then set about making the story his own.
But Mr. Hamad said that the “experience of the last two months, of not being able to agree on one page” of text, showed that international involvement was necessary “for negotiations to be serious” down the road.
Peterson said Holmes had an agreement with the club that he would alert the Chiefs the moment he felt any danger of recurring injury to the head or neck.
I think Lennon may have become a prisoner of his glasses, sort of like Dali and his moustache.
The “before” should have consisted merely of a pro forma introduction.
He was composing.
The attorney general’s office did not file any charges.
Their former coach, Trevor Graham, is also facing trial for lying to Mr. Novitzky, which Mr. Graham denies.
The United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) estimates that 50 million tons of electronic waste is generated worldwide each year.
Mr. Besh pitched in by cooking breakfast.
The Flyers (5-1) have won the first three games of a four-game homestand and are on their first four-game winning streak since March 2006.
Such courses have little use for unions, regulations or even history for that matter.
There are intense competitive pressures as a result of the vast numbers of people chasing relatively few opportunities.
“Nobody’s too proud when it comes to making ends meet,” she said.
I’ve listened to Imus since 1993.
ET CETERA Advertising Week, the annual Madison Avenue event, will get under way (Monday).
Mr. Klein started trying to change the gifted system several years ago.
A calculator measures the money wasted in meetings.
“At this point, you’ll still get a heavy dose of scare messages about her because the audience that’s consuming the Republican debates is largely the base and they can be mobilized by these kinds of appeals,” he said.
AT&T has allowed Apple unusual control over the network in the iPhone, and Sprint and T-Mobile have signed on to the Android development platform of the Open Handset Alliance.
On the high end, apartments might have breathtaking Hudson River views, terraces and access to full-service health clubs and outdoor pools.
“Buying handmade is better for people,” a statement on the site read in part, and “better for the environment,” because mass production is a “major cause” of global warming, among other things.
At first, the police reported that a witness had seen three youths approach Mr. Najera, with one starting the fire and another rifling through the victim’s pockets.
But if the berries crash, we’ll have bears in our face through October.”
“Well, I feel I can, yes, count on many things in my game to work,” Federer said.
The dialogue never matches that visual grace, though.
“Fuerzabruta” (translated as “Brute Force”) is the most expensive (at £25, or about $50) and technically elaborate production at the Fringe (each performance uses more than 500 gallons of water).
During the presidential campaign, candidates from both parties will warn of the risk of another terrorist attack on this country.
18 rejected Microsoft’s appeal of the 2004 ruling, which found the world’s largest software maker had violated European antitrust law to gain unfair advantage in the server and desktop media player software markets.
“Neon Bible” (Merge) has hit this fantastic mark; there’s a positive energy that’s twinned with a fascinating darkness.
The security agent said, “You can’t challenge me but I can make you miss your plane.”
Can’t let Peter Anderson comment be the last - I’ve always loved the movie because for me it was about two women experiencing a sea change together, becoming better friends for it and refusing to “end up on Oprah”, i.e. - choose to exit the system rather than continue to be a victim of it.
A pregnant woman is likely to experience just mild symptoms.
The raid on Friday came amid questions about how thoroughly prosecutors would investigate.
Mr. Schumer, who had proposed Mr. Mukasey’s name to the White House for the Justice Department post and had initially championed his nomination, was under increasing pressure from all sides this week to make clear where he stood.
Last April, a Congressionally mandated evaluation found that students who received abstinence instruction in elementary and middle school were just as likely to have sex in the following years as students who did not get such instruction.
Given the role of conservative ideology in the mortgage disaster, it’s puzzling that Democrats haven’t been more aggressive about making the disaster an issue for the 2008 election.
My first impression was ‘boring and trite’.
In 1998, the assessed new construction for the year totaled $3 million, said Mr. Young, the county commissioner.
Eavesdropping on Max’s conversations with family members and post-call mutterings about “running a(n) [expletive] benefits fair,” I’d taken to imagining our living room filled with vendor stalls hawking all kinds of self-help books, life-changing computer software, fidget balls and DVDs.
But Emmanuel’s arrival was too much for Ms. Santos’s new husband — the couple had been married just five months when she took in the children — and he left.
In all, there are four wild cards in rhythmic gymnastics.
Use Times Topics to research media companies.
O.D.I.H.R. has monitored every election in Russia since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991.
It seems too … PC, if you will, to demand the extraction of “left” or “right” wing from consideration of these figures to whom these issues were very important.
In the end, both men were better presidential candidates than they were presidents.
But a look at the choices for best picture in recent years suggests that they don’t always play it safe.
In two federal cases heard this spring in the Central District of California and the Southern District of New York, judges ruled that only those who died after 1985 could bequeath rights of publicity.
In an e-mail message to the owner, Tom Hicks, General Manager Jon Daniels wrote that he had “some steroids concerns with Tejada,” citing the shortstop’s declining productivity during the second half of the 2005 season. ¶In October 2003, the Dodgers had an internal discussion about Paul Lo Duca.
Mr. Stewart dilutes the movie’s urgency by framing the subject within a “personal journey” format and selling himself as a hunky, sensitive martyr.
Donald Sutherland plays Patrick (Tripp) Darling III, an elder statesman with a wily side; Tripp’s tippling wife, Letitia, is played by Jill Clayburgh; and the eldest son, Patrick Darling IV, the New York attorney general, is played by William Baldwin.
They worry that the gradual disappearance of psychoanalytic theory from psychology curriculums means that those ideas are bound to be applied incorrectly as new advances are neglected.
Mr. Marceau, who once compared himself to Picasso as an artist of enduring vitality, would continue touring internationally into his 80s, missing few performances and spending his off time with his family in a 300-year-old house outside Paris.
Instead, we find an alien land of doped-up child soldiers, gun-toting clan women, illegal Chinese immigrants, sweatshops, drug smuggling, garbage and cement.
During the game, Tucker and Avery fought, and Tucker later called Avery “classless” but did not say what Avery had said before the game.
Maybe not quite as dramatic, but today I received a message asking me to take a vocabulary test.
Dixon dominated this game from the outset.
The main problem is that many in California are ruggedly obstinate about the choice they have made to live with the constant threat of fire.
Ms. Rodriguez reported to a Los Angeles County jail on Sunday to begin a six-month sentence for failing to complete community service and alcohol monitoring as part of her probation from a drunken driving incident, authorities said.
And Mr. Hader is working on a screenplay with his writing partner, Nicholas Jasenovec, that he hopes Mr. Apatow will produce.
He e-mailed again, he said, saying that she and her colleagues were more disorganized than the airlines.
Mr. Figueroa was a student at the State University of New York at Albany when he stabbed Pasquale A. Esposito, 30, near 345 East 80th Street, where Mr. Esposito was a popular doorman, the police said at the time.
This summer, the region saw the arrival of two modern boutique hotels, which are drawing a younger, more cosmopolitan breed of travelers to the region.
None of this would matter, of course, if the mountain itself were stellar — but it wasn't.
Wegmans said it has begun to get its farmed shrimp from a producer in Belize who meets most of its standards and has agreed to meet all of them within a year.
They can’t discuss it because the situation is so perilous even Solomon wouldn’t know what to do now.
His coaches and players have spent no time examining film or game planning for Tampa Bay.
The cast also included Reinhard Hagen, who was unable to summon the low-register heft necessary in a great Sarastro, and Dietmar Kerschbaum, whose Monostatos was hampered by Ms. Taymor’s odd costuming: mainly, a fat suit and a face mask that seemed a cross between Hannibal Lecter and a B-movie space alien.
You likely won’t find either at the Edison lounge, although you might expect to run into the former.
Ms. Kidman was testifying in the photographer’s defamation suit against a Sydney newspaper that said he had hounded her.
Tom Coughlin was peppered with pointed questions during his Monday news conference, and most of the queries were about his defense.
Employers, meanwhile, may hope to strike a deal that will attract some in the writers’ guilds to advocate a settlement on similar terms.
That vitality came from the most unexpected places, he said.
When I told my GP about this he said he wasn’t surprised becausee beta blockers are sometimes prescribed for this.
Maybe he should point out that we can’t buy drugs from Canada because we can’t trust the quality, but right now the pharmaceuticals import over 50% of the ingredients from China.
Indeed, both Congress and the White House have been hymning their praises in the run-up to Veterans Day.
The Univision debate reflected the difficult balancing act many of the candidates are trying to perform, taking a hard line on illegal immigration to appeal to worried Republican voters without antagonizing Hispanic voters, one of the fastest-growing voting blocs.
Though it’s not uncommon for films to be released alongside “inspired by” albums, it is rare for them to be recorded by a single artist, let alone by a major star who had no role in the movie.
Affected models are 2002 and 2005-6 Altimas and Sentras with 2.5-liter engines.
It's been yanked and tugged this way and that.
Well, sorry, but no: the swagger is most definitely not slight, and the hands, along with everything else about the hellion of “The Beebo Brinker Chronicles,” are out.
But large-scale green construction in suburbia is never easy.
Days after her death we continue to see an assortment of family members speak on her behalf.
Oakwood had no idea if Dick drank, but he was certain that Gene Gill did.
There probably will never be another such influential person, unfortunately.
In the campaign, BMW is “having a bit of fun,” said Patrick McKenna, manager for marketing communications at BMW of North America in Woodcliff Lake, N.J. Previous campaigns to promote the BMW school were “fairly tactical,” Mr. McKenna says, concentrated on “those most predisposed to an advanced driving school.”
“The two stories are diametrically opposed,” Mr. Harrison says of creationism and Darwinism.
It was North America’s first recorded meteorite strike, according to Benjamin Silliman, a Yale professor who studied the event.
Now the lead was critical.
The Coast Guard and the California Department of Fish and Game extended yellow booms to keep the bunker fuel, one of the crudest and least-distilled petroleum products, from various shorelines, including the entrances to wildlife-rich estuaries north of San Francisco.
Instead of moralizing about plastic surgery, how about just taking a look at it?
Blood will be drawn in an effort to find evidence of what is known as a milkshake, a concoction of baking soda, sugar and electrolytes that helps a horse ward off fatigue.
More than 96 percent of the nominations are uncontested.
The movie dawdles only as long as necessary on the pudgy, cow-eyed young James’s hopeless infatuation with Samantha, who becomes romantically involved with Henry.
Those who live there know that what Hana giveth, Hana can taketh away.
Mark becomes his father’s Virgil, guiding him through the underworld of his own past.
The faith flops in parallel to Romney, and with similar purposes in mind.
This country’s appetite for foreign-language cinema has so perilously diminished, even in New York, that these days some of the festival’s more obscure names — Jia Zhang-ke, Alexander Sokurov, Bela Tarr — would probably elicit more huhs than huzzahs.
Sam Swank added a 43-yard field goal for Wake Forest at 11:59 of the fourth quarter to make it 17-10 and, after the Demon Deacons held Connecticut on two late drives, Micah Andrews scored with 29 seconds to go for Wake Forest.
As for difficult audiences, I remember Mr. Nixon playing to a tough crowd when he attempted to defuse one of the famous Mayday demonstrations in DC.
For in its absence, who would notice, let alone publish, humdrum notes like these?
About 10,000 American farmers grow sugar beets on about 1.3 million acres, mainly in Northern states from Oregon to Michigan.
Now, he'll never hear it again.
You can knock about town in an afternoon, to skim a bit of the flavor, or settle in for a weekend or a few days to get to know the city and its surroundings.
“You had swastikas painted, Molotov cocktails thrown and bricks smashed through windows.
Every year it sounds more and more like a theocratic/political system such as….I don’t know…Iran??? post #42 is the only message on this list to get Judith’s question right, and that includes Judith.
Neatness now counts in the antiterrorist scheme of things, and the public undoubtedly will prove accommodating, even if it makes air travel feel a lot like packing for summer camp.
And JetBlue, which already flies from New York to Santiago and Santo Domingo, plans to start nonstop service from New York to Puerto Plata in January.
When they arrived, they found an airy, large apartment with a big kitchen.
At the height of that market this year, bankers were lending 100 percent or more of the value of the projects being built or refinanced.
That means that he must make clear once and for all that Washington is firmly on the side of democracy, not more deal-making designed to keep the general in power.
There was no early morning wake-up call.
“Sumus fumus,” she said, lighting the cigarette, her eyes fixed on the spot Phear had been painting.
Now Ryan will head for the National Football League.
Because of this emphasis on domestic objects, Mr. Pardo is often cast as an artist who doubles as a designer.
In the decades since, a small band of geologists, including Whitmore, have set to work improving on the Morris-Whitcomb model using the modern tools of their field: close examination of rocks and fossils combined with computer models.
Or is that a racist symbol of lynching hiding in the Halloween tableau?
Even more, the craft’s unusual design and strong propellers make it vulnerable to getting caught in its own downdraft and crashing to the ground.
A few days after he spoke to me, Mr. Kay spoke at a conference run by Jesse M. Brill, one of the loudest executive compensation critics and publisher of CompensationStandards.com.
Motel-style rooms and suites at Zion Lodge start at $150.85 a night.
After a week with the hatchback, which steps in for the previous wagon, I could not bring myself to speak the U-word.
Between the Medina and the new district of Gueliz, around 15 to 20 dirhams is reasonable.
Low-power 250 cc Suzukis and Hondas were lined up in three rows at the edge of a large parking lot.
Ceku's warning drew an immediate response in Belgrade, where Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica urged the international community not to let Kosovo break away.
On another evening, at the remote Casas do Coro, a hotel spread throughout what once was a medieval village, I encountered yet another of the Douro’s unexpected surprises.
Israeli Prime Minister Olmert can do the same, but his cabinet is hostile and his people are cynically disengaged.
For the short term, Mr. DiNapoli, Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Eric Dinallo, the insurance superintendent, have announced new regulations that should shed some light on the secretive investment process, and a committee has been formed to assess the need for more changes.
Mr. Stone is no stranger to Hollywood face-offs.
Bookcases at the center of his store are on wheels so they can be pushed out of the way, allowing for up to 100 folding chairs to be brought in on author nights.
The bank has raised its loss provisions in recent quarters to cover increasing defaults on mortgages and home equity products.
It now exists to finance Chávez’s transformation of Venezuela.
Demographics: I grant you Edwards is the leading white male, but there are lots of unelectable white males in the world.
Now I know why I have not done the whole Apple thing in all these yrs.
Cortesio said she had not decided whether to pursue legal action.
There are many local variations of low riding.
“A Glance at New York” continues through Nov.
Hitchcock returned him to employability, insisting in 1957 that Mr. Lloyd be hired as a producer on his CBS series.
The idea of employment at a place with such a high stock price is appealing, but it can also make the company less attractive to a new hire.
Mr. Nussle, a House member for 16 years, was defeated when he ran for governor last year.
The one suggestion Mr. King made to Mr. Darabont was to allow the character of Mrs. Carmody, a religious fanatic who whips the people trapped in the supermarket into a frenzy of expiation, to evolve a little more slowly.
Specifically, he says, nearly every study shows that vehicles manufactured here by G.M., Ford and Chrysler contain a “considerably higher” percentage of American-made parts than cars rolling off the lines at the transplants.
Legalize jammers as long as their presence is posted, I’m fine with it.
In 2006, Dellanne McGregor, a broker with Pete Anderson Realty, sold an oceanfront cottage for $1.175 million, and a larger, newer house with a road between it and the ocean for $1.070 million.
“Fred,” “Oswald,” “George,” Marmaduke” and “Lionel” highlighted in orange in “ON.”
Horace Mann teachers generally work on one-year contracts, although after three consecutive years they go through a review process, and, if approved, are assured their contracts will be routinely renewed “provided their performance and the needs of the school warrant continuation of their employment,” according to Mr. Trees’s lawsuit, which quotes the faculty handbook.
As he approaches retirement, Dr. Holloway is embroiled in a new argument.
Head inside and pile on the beans, slaw and other extras.
Talk about going out on a limb.
Their ability to SHARE their stories is what we should be learning, not just learning another cool story.
Because of a drawn-out transition to an online records system, it is not yet possible for the public to inspect Callan’s amended disclosure, however, or the disclosures of other pension consultants.
A poet who has lost all feeling wants his old heart back: without it he cannot work.
Excerpted by permission.
“Consumer services delivered globally should be a huge market,” observed K. P. Balaraj, a managing director of the Indian arm of Sequoia Capital, a venture capital firm in Silicon Valley.
And the Giants were still learning the schemes of their new defensive coordinator, Steve Spagnuolo.
F.T.C. officials could not be reached for comment.
Indiana running back Bryan Payton has written for The Quad before, reflecting on the impact Hoeppner had on his players and the legacy he left.
As the developers of a proposed 640-student apartment complex called Ponde Place are finding out, however, building off-campus housing in Storrs is a difficult proposition.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
At that rate, YouTube would have to grow considerably to account for just 5 percent of Google’s annual revenue of nearly $12 billion.
LANE, David J., 20, Specialist, Army; Emporia, Kan.; First Infantry Division.
Watson is looking for authenticity and truth in the Bible; Sontag, in photography.
And one dollar now buys $1.0008 Canadian dollars, the first time that the two currencies have traded that closely since late 1976.
There are many local variations of low riding.
Congressional aides worked through the weekend to meld the Senate and House bills.
The question for Alito was what to do in light of the justices' intransigence.
It had not made any new proposals, and industry executives had not expected the agency to move again so soon.
Asked after his remarks what strategy he favored, General Sanchez ticked off a series of steps — from promoting reconciliation among Iraq’s warring sectarian factions to building effective Iraqi army and police units — that closely paralleled the list of tasks frequently cited by the Bush administration.
P&G shares hit an all-time high of $73.05 Oct.
On MetaFilter, readers can mark other users’ comments as a favorite, and commenters derive pride from how many times they have been “favorited,” he said.
As we reached the end of the yellow portion of the map, our speed picked up again, as promised.
But it is only a start.
We keep the streets dirty in its name.
I acknowledge that this sounds initially way out there, but with all the expense and effort folks put into getting better, it is sad that many folks won’t even try this approach.
He belonged to the Hitler Youth and worked as a messenger for the Luftwaffe.
Consumer electronics sales over the week of Thanksgiving increased by just 6 percent, half the increase of last year.
The plot is open to debate.
(The number was his serial number.)
If you then view violence as evil, you could conclude that belief in God contributes to evil in this world.
G.M.’s existing joint venture research center mainly takes vehicle designs from the company’s American and European operations and tailors them to the Chinese market.
Explore the men’s and women’s U.S. Open brackets and get links, schedules and results when available.
The ads always tout the telephoto (zoom) powers of cameras, but wide-angle ability is arguably even more important, at least on vacations to scenic places.
Los Angeles coach Phil Jackson angered Phoenix coach Mike D'Antoni when he called a timeout right after the Suns called one, with 4:55 to play and the outcome already decided.
It’s as if the Bureau of Narcotics files were simply pulled from the cabinet — and you just know it was one of those steel gray monstrosities that go gong when you smack them — and put between hard covers.
He was effective against the Celtics, finishing with 20 points and 4 assists in 28 minutes.
She lies on her back in a meadow on the edge of town here with other addicts, looks up at the stars and plays aimlessly on a battered blue harmonica.
The Bush administration has shown repeatedly, however, that it does not want to impose reasonable safety requirements on chemical plants.
The personal lives and backgrounds of the most famous/popular photographers are also NOT as important as WHAT they express through their work that WE see.
An independent tribunal is expected to rule next month on the legitimacy of the election, and some analysts and diplomats say the chances of Mr. Yar’Adua’s victory being annulled are increasing.
But yesterday’s earnings report showed that even the gold standard of lending agencies was not immune to the toxic subprime securities that have infected much of the market.
Could it be that Senator Clinton’s success has something to do with the advantages of a machine?
The developer has appealed, and is taking his case to court next spring, said Matthew Ranelli, his lawyer.
Extremely low interest rates on loans and bonds have made debt financing far cheaper than issuing stock; some companies, in fact, have borrowed to finance buyback programs.
5 at 7 p.m. at Hofstra University, Hempstead.
The pencil, specially made (real wood, real graphite, real eraser, yellow enamel), was lifted by a crane to write birthday greetings.
Serves 6.
Dr. Goodman, one of the most decent people I have ever known, carried the ache of that loss with her every day of her life.
Another substitute for glass is on the Mini Cooper, which offers the option of a double sunroof with sliding screen mesh panels.
By then the girl was 20.
I married a scientist.
I doubt it.
Other hotels are incorporating noise-muffling construction into their hotels.
The same can be said for many other major corporations.
In fact, Darjeeling is so synonymous with high-quality black tea that few non-connoisseurs realize it's not one beverage but many: 87 tea estates operate in the Darjeeling district, a region that sprawls across several towns (including its namesake) in a mountainous corner of India that sticks up between Nepal and Bhutan, with Tibet not far to the north.
CHRIS RUSS: I do some, and a number of my tools go to people who do that.
Officers can also earn a pay raise, as much as $12,000 more for foreign language proficiency, Ms. Richardson said.
The way his wife had begged that woman upset him.
31 — Career Foreign Service officers at the State Department reacted angrily at a town hall meeting on Wednesday to the possibility that they might be forced to go to Iraq, putting senior Bush administration officials on the defensive.
We are richer than other countries and so willing to spend more.
For a few extra points in the Nielsen ratings, news producers are more than willing to destroy a person’s life long before one has their day in court.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug.
I think you will find that Mary Catherine Ann Teresa Eleanor Marum Hampl was right.
It says it also keeps customers’ names off junk mailing lists and can clean up a credit history if thieves do manage to steal an identity.
Susan Sontag’s interpretation of photographs for one.
LONDON (AP) -- Like UV rays and diesel exhaust fumes, working the graveyard shift will soon be listed as a ''probable'' cause of cancer.
Dr. Hölldobler observes that although ants, bees, termites and other hive-minded tribes account for only 1 percent of known insect species, “this 1 percent makes up 80 percent of all insect biomass.”
The Sinjar materials showed that 291 fighters, or about 39 percent, came from North African nations during the period beginning in August 2006.
However, it looks to me as if most people today (and maybe always) would rather yell from the mountain “I am a Christian!”, than to actually live in accordance with the teachings of Christ.
The graphics are top-notch technically — don’t try playing on an old, underpowered PC; you’ll just be frustrated — but the real strength is the overall art direction, which can perhaps be best described as genetically altered Art Deco.
LONDON, Sept.
I’m glad you’re okay.
I am pleased to see that someone can still use the second person and the phrase “dear reader” and not sound stuffy.
When the original draft of regulations was released for comment in May, film officials defended it.
That would be the end of story, except that in the next marking period, the child received a 67 in math, which, for those of you long away from the groves of academe, is a D. On all subsequent parents’ nights, Mom has barred Dad from appearing anywhere within 500 feet of the school.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
But here is the crucial piece of evidence that shows how much Rodriguez wants to wear pinstripes: the opt-out announcement during the final World Series game.
Coles rarely played after his first-quarter catch.
Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman left Legends Field around 4 p.m. today to fly back to New York.
For now the market for such services is tiny.
Ms. Trujillo and others who help the immigrants said they saw several out in the fields as the fires approached and ash fell on them.
The core business, as they are quick to remind him, is still the movies.
He couldn’t speak because of the tubes but gestured for me to return when he got a little better.
He blamed some of the tenants’ failure to pay rent for the building’s neglect.
On Dec.
Great article — except for one unanswered question: What did Groucho think about it?
I bought and viewed the entire Dick Cavett Show DVD set, but I don’t recall this episode.
Her allies include Roger Tabor, a leading British naturalist; Jeffrey Masson, the outspoken author of “The Nine Emotional Lives of Cats” and “When Elephants Weep”; and, fittingly, Tippi Hedren, the actress best known for starring in the 1963 Alfred Hitchcock thriller, “The Birds.”
“For a P.R. guy, that’s the kiss of death,” he said.
In 1939, the film was released to near-universal acclaim.
All told, this group made up roughly 12 percent of the huge population of uninsured Americans.
Iverson did not play against the Knicks last season because of injuries, the trade that sent him from Philadelphia to Denver, and scheduling quirks.
The result is something like a Comic Book of Revelation, an Armageddon countdown in a plastic-fantastic universe where celebrities are military pawns in the Iraq war, and the quest for alternative energy is linked to Nikola Tesla’s tidal-wave generator and a breach in the space-time continuum.
During this time I stress out and fervently hope that nothing awful happens to me.
What he did in that article was show us, perhaps subtly, the different forms that truth can take.
Mr. Piano had his hair in a ponytail.
If it’s all so much B.S. it isn’t worth the emotion you invest in it!
Internationally, professional competition is administered by the Union Cycliste Internationale, the Swiss organization that also oversees the Tour de France.
Manning was intercepted deep in Giants territory twice in the first half.
Other critics agree, and say the bill does not ensure that the most crucial projects, including those in Florida and Louisiana, would get the highest priority.
Thank you for all you have done.
Des went back to the orphanage for some of this, so he could be with his friends and not be bored.
After tinkering with my chemistry for years I was ready to be off of the “big” medicines, save for my abortives MaxAlt and when all else fails Zyprexa (an antipsychotic), and was given an herbal medication called Petadolex.
Classes are relatively small, 18 students on average, and each has an assistant to the teacher.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
That’s the next benchmark in this college football season.
So adopting a child from unknown family is hard to accept for most of the elders in our family, especially when I’m still single and don’t have any medical problems.
The major causes are much more deep-seated and far harder to root out.
We have to love our neighbors as ourselves.
One county site scheduled for a face lift is Hall’s Pond Park — 11 acres, half of it a pond.
Photographs preserve information.
God punished him by making the Rangers lose.
Seems like that should inspire more forbearance and less smugness, but it seems to do the opposite much of the time.
An even better solution would be some form of universal health coverage for all Americans.
The idea of excluding the elephant from the frame should be clear.
Exports are more expensive, too, up 0.9 percent in October and 5.6 percent for the year, the Labor Department said.
Astronauts will take part in an unusually risky spacewalk tomorrow in an effort to mend a torn solar array on the International Space Station.
3Com and Huawei had formed the venture, known as H3C, in 2003 to broaden 3Com’s reach in Asian markets while giving Huawei access to American customers.
What I like about the ipod is what I don’t like about the Kindle: I can transfer all of my music on the ipod, DRM free and always in my pocket.
The boy, who was hit while trying to cross East 20th Street near First Avenue, was taken to Bellevue Hospital Center, the police said.
BAGHDAD, Oct.
All through school, I took voluminous notes and underlined every important sentence in my textbooks.
The fact that his story pictorially starts with “nothing” except a rather unfamiliar close-up of a London pavement is an indication that there is a broad quality of narrative that distinguishes truth from falsehood while allowing for the telling of the story and that is essentially the question that could be asked of a photograph… is it telling the story or is it telling a different story using the situation as a vehicle.
It’s complex, hard to understand, but instead of trying to determine the meaning of the data, we leap to a simplistic conclusion: the data is not real data.
Exactly three weeks.
If there are clearly more cannonballs in ditch in the OFF photograph than in the ON, it would suggest that ON was first and that the balls were rolled off into the ditch afterwards.
Earlier this year, Ingersoll Rand and Trane followed a recent trend on Wall Street by breaking up their diversified businesses into their component parts.
Those were principally mechanical stress tests meant to recreate the pressures in the body.
This is another gutter.
Felton may have taken the “off” picture precisely because the “on” picture was a distorted image of the battlefield.
His next chance reportedly comes in 2011, when he will be 67.
On the other hand, one or two persons walking around a hill to gather roughly 25 cannonballs, many of which need to dug out of impact craters, well, every footfall will move debris and that debris will ONLY travel downhill.
This simple, most inexpensive act would achieve more than 50 years of “no child left behind”.
Since he began exploring his candidacy, Mr. Thompson has criticized Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to rein in spending.
It’s sad that Mr. Cavett and his ilk cry ‘poor baby’ over his circumstance.
For example, when Congress passed a law barring the military from using illegally collected intelligence, Bush signed it, but added a statement saying that only he could determine whether such intelligence could be used.
And so the ’08 CTS ditches the flat surfaces and odd angles and instead offers a handsome center stack, recessed L.E.D. lighting and handsewn covers on the dashboard and door panels.
It is also his method.
But thanks to skyrocketing coastal real estate prices and an influx of property owners who prefer an acre of backyard to meager square footage with an ocean view, the county’s population now tops out at around 300,000, a startling number for a place that not long ago was mostly forest and pastureland.
Bonnie finished building the miniature house and now carried it around with her, photographing it in every conceivable setting.
What it really needs is a policy structure to encourage major investments in cleaner technologies that are already at hand or within reach.
‘DIE MOMMIE DIE!’
The kids watch PBS and Extreme Makeover Home Edition.
Mr. Sweeney was released; he is scheduled to appear in Town Court on Wednesday.
Two of the candidates — on opposing sides in the war debate — make their case in Iowa today.
That means the clock has started ticking on the phase-out, and eventual end, of credits for people who buy a Honda hybrid.
Ms. LeCompte, it must be granted, stays unswervingly true to her central point of view, that of a 21st-century “archaeologist inferring a temple from a collection of ruins,” as the program notes say.
It was big business deciding where to put their money, which they were free to do, and then MSNBC deciding that it could not make money by continuing to have Imus on the air.
One guard reportedly told the authorities that he did not observe any hostile activity directed toward the convoy before the shooting.
The study suggests there may be a flip side to the benefits that education brings to the brain when it comes to memory loss.
A few days later, the investigators extracted stem cells from the embryo clones, destroying the embryos in the process.
In her speech in front of her house, Ms. Bhutto said that she had not spoken to General Musharraf and would not negotiate with him until emergency rule was ended and the Constitution revived.
I lived in Manhattan in the 1980s when Nixon still lived in a townhouse around the corner from the co-op where I lived.
It’s this have-your-cake-and-eat-it-too tale that has made even the jaded tech establishment take notice.
The walls had been wood-paneled, but he had done nothing about the floor — we stood on cold concrete.
15.
Like less-dangerous alcohol!
The district attorney's office announced it will seek to retry Spector.
1 — Harry S. Dent Jr., who helped devise the “Southern strategy” that was crucial to Richard M. Nixon’s winning the White House, died on Friday in Columbia, S.C. He was 77 .
They evolved that way, I think all from a nation-state origin.
And in that world to kill meant to kill with laughter.
A hooded cotton fleece sweatshirt had a button collar and a cool silk-screen of an eagle clutching guitars above the revolutionary expression “We Do Our Part.”
Suicide attacks have increased in Pakistan this year, killing hundreds of people.
I have pledged my life — and much, much more, in an effort to open a window through which the good people in the international community may look in and see us for what we are, ordinary human beings with ordinary aspirations, and not what we have been portrayed to be.
Their show “Girl Crazy” was going up, and Merman got a part that she turned into a memorable coming out, with a little help from the savvy Gershwins.
“If we hear of anyone bringing rockets and weapons here, we will capture them and bring them to you,” the old man said.
Something of the composer’s misty elegance and sense of theater is lost in translation.
I am familiar with all the known vacuum chambers of a size required to fit the lunar lander and therrby stage the duplication of dust moving straight down.
What distinguishes the non-reading of Musil's librarian is that his attitude is not passive, but active.
He could have given the extra money back to the defendants.
Fenway park has the least amount of seats of any baseball stadium in the country.
The Sabhnanis, who are perfume manufacturers with relatives and business contacts in Indonesia, lured them from their jobs and families in Jakarta in 2002 with false promises, they say, and then subjected them to relentless abuse until Samirah ran away in May.
Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell has declined comment about the U.S. investigation.
The net loss of $396 million, or 71 cents a share, on revenue of $1.63 billion, was in contrast to earnings of 27 cents a share on sales of $1.33 billion in the period last year.
The firestorm destroyed broad swaths of brush and rural homes but it took a more capricious course through the subdivisions abutting the hillsides.
Some waited for hours in miles-long lines.
After the off-screen death of its star, Matt Dobbs (Christian Slater), who had taken the movie into his own hands and begun rewriting the script, its incompetent, Vicodin-addicted director (Gavin Grazer) can’t handle the pressure.
A “Hershey Bar” became a candy bar for similar reasons.
WITH: Aaron Stanford (Neal Downs), Zooey Deschanel (Miss Pussy Katz), Christopher Lloyd (Willie), Frank Wood (Bruce), Ryan Donowho (Skinny Larry), Izabella Miko (Strawberry) and Keir O’Donnell (Stuart).
And he has legions of female followers who partake in ecstatic communal rites that to the uninitiated are fascinating but terrifying.
Ahmadinejad wasn’t anointed president, he choose his fate as a politician and should be prepared to answer difficult questions at all times.
Unsafe levels of arsenic and mercury were found in the groundwater.
There, child-rearing styles tend to be considerably less chatty than the middle-class norm, Fuller and others note, and parents often expect more work than play in school.
WHAT ARE YOU GIVING TO TRICK-OR-TREATERS THIS YEAR?
And, of course, there is the latest iteration of Guitar Hero, called Legends of Rock, for PlayStation, Xbox or Wii video game systems.
The harshness of the land appealed to Thesiger.
That is because unlike traditional methods of judging schools, this one involves a complex calculation that assigns the most weight to how individual students improve in a year’s time on standardized state tests.
Also, the article referred incorrectly to the film's release.
You made my day (or my morning ) becsuse I have not gone to be and it’s 6:47 am.
A lot of companies have them now.”
It is either an opportunity or a trap.
It’s not a teacher’s or a legislator’s place to mandate when or where or if a child, or anyone else, prays in this country.
The season-opening program in September, with John Adams’s “Fearful Symmetries” and Mahler’s daunting Fifth Symphony, was a brilliant success, cheered by audiences and widely praised by critics.
It is by design the most economic and politically independent body in the country, outside of the supreme leader’s office.
The court is expected to deliver its verdict on Friday.
Now I have said all I wish to say on this occasion.
Federal officials say the barracks-style complexes were substandard before Hurricane Katrina and were badly damaged by the storm.
Investors worry that any conflict between the West and Iran would disrupt oil supplies from the Middle East.
While the library has several author readings each month, the independent bookstores of the area are adding still more, she said.
When Mr. Romney pushed back on Friday, telling a crowd in Nevada that he represented the “Republican wing of the Republican Party,” he ended up angering another rival, Senator John McCain of Arizona.
Perhaps some enterprising reporter might remind W of that, but then I hope for too much, don’t I?
This is how vaudevillians must have felt the first time they saw a silent movie; sitting there, suddenly realizing they just became extinct: after all, who wants another soft-shoe number when you can see Harold Lloyd hanging off a clock 50 feet tall?
The tension is thick; the wallets, thicker.
From working with SEE, the companies, in turn, get market research and a sense of youth trends.
This power plant has a different intake system, though its horsepower and torque ratings are the same as the engine with the automatic transmission.
To keep the bars fresh, they added a small card that contains a powder that absorbs oxygen.
Many of the same workers also filed a lawsuit in March in State Supreme Court in Manhattan against Saigon Grill accusing the restaurants of minimum wage and overtime violations.
Some have even proposed assigning the order in which states vote by lottery.
The early stages of learning how to ride a motorcycle are all about developing muscle memory, repeating combinations of hand-foot movements until they’re instinctive and precise, leaving your eyes and mind free to search and avoid hazards in the road.
Today, 69 percent of black babies are born out of wedlock, while 45 percent of black households with children are headed by women.
When Lance Suede was 15, he heard his rabbi explain the rule.
They went into the off-season with confidence, added quarterback Daunte Culpepper — and stunk again.
But he stresses that the learning goes both ways.
Prosecutors, however, vilified Mr. Scerbo as a depraved opportunist, even as their case fell apart.
He did expand — installing a great central dome of hundreds of round plugs of glass supported by decorated iron beams — but he left his old cast-iron facade as it was.
I received an initial call from the movie’s producers asking if we had any objection to our name being used, and I was also offered the chance to play myself in the film.
If you love something, or are responsible, you think of the happiness of the pet.
Think about it for a moment.
A new three-bedroom house with 225 square meters (2,400 square feet) of living space in Boquete, an area in the north popular with expatriates, sells for around $265,000.
When I was a kid we bragged that you could find our house because “we have a TV antenna on the roof”.
I travel by air on average at least once a week.
Lynn Hirschberg, editor at large for the magazine, writes regularly about the entertainment industry.
That Tuesday, Vilma said he was not hurt.
Don’t think that a well-recognized name gets you any special treatment.
Signed by the Giants in 2005, he did not play a snap in two seasons and was shipped to the Packers on Sept.
Later he moved to a city to live with my parents so he could go to a good high school, and he started watching tv again.
Still, senators with a conscience that can be shocked should insist that Mr. Bush meet a higher standard than this nomination.
Members of a Hasidic synagogue here wanted a neighboring Y.M.C.A. to block or tint the windows of an exercise room used by women.
But I am willing to hold firm for considerably longer than three months because this is a fight for the livelihoods of a future generation of writers, whose work will never “air,” but instead be streamed, beamed or zapped onto a tiny chip.
And there I awkwardly stood, with nothing to say.
With Richmond eliminating Scranton from the International League playoffs, Torre said the Yankees would bring up pitchers KEI IGAWA, JEFF KARSTENs, SEAN HENN, MATT DeSALVO and ROSS OHLENDORF, and outfielder BRONSON SARDINHA.
Take a lovely young woman in a red turn-of-the-century ball gown.
If those repairs are not made and any charges owed the city are not paid within four months, the city has power under the new law to overhaul entire building systems, such as heating and plumbing, and to force the owners to pay for the work.
He supports his arguments with close readings of a variety of texts including actual books (Umberto Eco’s “Name of the Rose,” “I Am a Cat” by the Japanese writer Natsume Soseki) and the movie “Groundhog Day,” starring Bill Murray.
He then served as commander of Polish land forces from 2000 until 2006.
JOE NICHOLS: ‘REAL THINGS’ (Universal South).
But stem cell researchers say they are confident that it will not take long to perfect the method and that today’s drawbacks will prove to be temporary.
The federal education secretary, Margaret Spellings, said she was recommending that President Bush sign the bill because it “answered the president’s call to significantly increase funding” for Pell grants for low-income students.
It’s an attitude that lies in that elusive territory, which few writers conquer, between sentimentality and cynicism.
But judges found the victim herself to be guilty.
Oh please give these painfully thought out, lengthy, diatribes defending Imus (including the horribly self conscious writing of Mr Cavett) a rest.
They are latter-day Robin Hoods, stealing “power” from the rich (the art world, the government) to give to the poor.
I was actully impressed, as I have been with many of her answers, that she sees the problems in our country as complex, and in need of thoughtful, nuanced, solutions.
His hits included “Green, Green Grass of Home,” “Skid Row Joe” and “The Cold Hard Facts of Life.”
Claudius argued that the Gauls, by logical extension, could be accepted into the Senate because “they no longer wear trousers” — that is, they could be counted on to come to work wearing the Roman toga and thus to have effectively become Romans.
Far more problematic, though, is the difficulty in pinning this book down.
I am not interested, for example, in watching Terry Francona extol the virtues of chewing tobacco.
Indeed, at 13 m.p.g. in town and 19 highway (2008 model).
Méliès shows him a film clip of the dancer Lea de Castro (Saffron Burrows), who becomes Klimt’s muse and possibly his lover.
A business major, Crabtree said he had aspirations of owning a barbershop and designing clothes.
A melody that accompanied her first appearance, carried by the glockenspiel and flute, returns, followed by the silvery sound of tinkling bells and shimmering chimes that land like a sprinkle of fairy dust.
I think he would have moved farther away if they landed that close.
Seems the only people not overly psyched about the game were the players.
BEA’s board rejected Oracle’s $17 a share offer twice in two weeks, saying that BEA “was worth substantially more to Oracle.”
The former St. James Convent with 16 waterfront acres recently sold to a local developer for about $4.5 million.
The more people using a fun phone such as the iPhone, the more services they will take advantage of: video, music, text messaging.
All you have to do is bring them to church!
Mr. Stickler said the agency was faced with how best to use its limited resources.
I know you know who I mean.
Many illegal farm laborers, reluctant to leave the United States, have abandoned the arduous migrant work of agriculture for year-round construction and service jobs.
And Facebook members who add applications to their pages can just as easily remove or ignore them.
He takes a scenario and expands it until it’s uncomfortable for him and the listener, flooded with ugly details, delivered compulsively, as if he’s afraid to stop.
And for “The Big Bang Theory,” the sole new series among the five on Monday, CBS teamed up with a company named Laundromedia to wrap washers and dryers in laundry centers with billboards.
The relevance of “Prayer for My Enemy” to our national discussion is both evident and covert.
I sensed intent and conspiracy, that Mr. Chernus was deliberately cast to evoke such impressions of similarity.
Even when the guidelines are issued, states will have many years to implement them.
PMA and its employees have given $58,600 to Mr. Murtha’s campaign since 2005, according to contribution records.
Their cars were too expensive to make, they said.
Simply eloquent.
Volvo showed a variation of its C30 compact equipped with similar hybrid technology.
Rising global energy prices and an expected colder winter this year account for the expected increases, the energy agency said in its yearly winter price forecast.
Mr. Kernochan’s influence, particularly through his Columbia students, “will affect the rights of artists for generations,” Mr. Janklow said last week.
Robert Browne, a senior vice president of the Corcoran real estate group, quickly introduces people he doesn’t want to see to anyone nearby.
That delicate creature inspired the teenage Fauré’s first song, “The Butterfly and the Flower,” which he set to a lighthearted verse from Victor Hugo’s “Songs of Twilight.”
Anticipating a guilty verdict, he sent his lawyer to remove his ailing mother from the courtroom.
Some diplomats and political analysts said they thought Mr. Putin may simply have found an able prime minister who could help assure a smooth transition to an unannounced successor.
No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
More cyber meldowns.
Mr. Young recorded “Ordinary People” with his R&B-flavored Bluenotes band, in one take.
Farther along the path, a fairy house metropolis appeared, the woods cluttered with miniature log cabins, teepees and sheds, most at the base of trees, some resembling Stonehenge, others small caves.
Through 16 games this year, Bradley has used 53 players, with 18 earning their first international cap.
Politics always permeates the Sundance documentary field, and there will be films about government secrecy, the national debt and water scarcity for the wool-hatted wonks in Park City.
Every passing vehicle is an excitement: possible death in a far-off land.
They fail to see that the scientific view of man they celebrate does more than insult our vanity.
The speed of his physical deterioration has left the couple and their family reeling with shock and facing unanswerable questions.
We already have a cat in England, Scuzzie, who joined the family when he strayed into our home in New Delhi 13 summers ago to escape a monsoon, and he exhibits claws-out hostility to any other cat entering his domain.
He had contemplated a voice-over early on, inspired by Martin Sheen’s in “Apocalypse Now.”
After all, he says, “this is SoHo.”
This article wasn’t about subways but a new feature for the public to enjoy.
And what did it mean?
Asked if that meant that the outdoor prayers could continue unpunished, Mr. Youssef agreed.
It used to be that a candidate who did well in Iowa and New Hampshire had a period of some weeks in which to use the good buzz to bring in new donors and contributions.
I half expected it to be trick question.
Thank you for calling bs in the election coverage when you see it.
That opposition had led to the governor’s sharpest criticism of Mr. Bloomberg on any issue — he called the mayor “factually wrong, legally wrong, morally wrong, ethically wrong” for his opposition.
The guilds also said the companies refused to grant them jurisdiction over original content produced for the Internet.
AMD, which bought ATI last year, said the technology also works well for some types of mathematical computation, so it is using it to speed up other applications.
Chitra Raghavan, a John Jay psychologist who conducts research on intimate-partner violence and rape, said she did not accept the article’s argument that it has become socially acceptable for women to pursue casual sex.
Ten years ago, Felipe’s son, the fearless one, hit .321 with three home runs in the World Series.
The institute tested three other full-size pickup trucks: the Nissan Titan, Ford F-150 and Dodge Ram.
Last summer, he put down 10 percent on a $760,000 studio under construction at 75 Wall Street.
He missed one game, then played the next three as a reserve.
Commenters have chosen to use empiricism to understand the photograph, rather than trying to divine intention.
He was 71.
And on Friday he argued against Mr. Storchak’s continued detention.
Rising interest has led to the creation of at least 10 new regional mushroom clubs in the United States in the past three years.
The contracts in question were cleared by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade before being passed on to the United Nations.
Ms. Lewis added that they had come out for Mrs. Clinton in other states with early nominating contests.
There's something oddly sexual in Linda's description of the curved pink flesh.
The speeches, including some from Frederick Douglass, Susan B. Anthony and the labor organizer Stella Nowicki, are mostly culled from “Voices of a People’s History of the United States,” Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove’s companion book to Mr. Zinn’s revisionist “People’s History of the United States.”
Treasury debt prices fell.
If this network is ever established, buying a basic account will only let you turn your devices on.
The resignation by Richard Roberts was effective immediately, according to an e-mail statement from George Pearsons, the chairman of the university’s Board of Regents.
The message to parents: It’s not your cooking, it’s your genes.
Mr. Sarkozy countered that he had raised such human rights issues with his guest.
Rather than ask everyone the same question — which leaves each candidate answering like “a trained seal,” as Newt Gingrich aptly put it recently — Mr. Brokaw asked questions that were appropriate to the various candidates, so that the debate took on the aspect of an extended and well-informed conversation.
It is easier on the eyes and uses much less power than traditional displays.
It was a late-night sport to loiter under the Italian Renaissance arcade and watch while “the entire mechanical force is straining to get the paper printed in time for the early trains,” as Harper’s Weekly put it.
You’ll find a saffron-scented, pistachio-dusted, impeccably braised lamb shank with the same gestalt.
People were again cowed into subjugation.
Is he telling other Democrats that they need to show some backbone–to move forward based on principles and not polls?
People can be acutely aware of what they pay attention to and remarkably blind to what they do not, psychologists have found.
Or perhaps he decides two different pictures entirely: the ON ‘the valley of death’ bright clear and littered with cannonballs and the OFF ‘the valley of the shadow of death’ benign yet at the same time threatening, clear roadway, dark shadows and cannonballs lying in the ditch (though this explanation would not definitively state which came first but I would argue it was more likely a harvesting party cleared the roadway (and removed cannonballs from the ditch) than that Fenton scattered some three dozen cannonballs around for the sake of dramatics.
This was true even though those cancer patients who lived in the country tended to be considerably poorer — and, in the case of the colorectal cancer patients, older — than those in the city.
Adam and Eve experienced shame and fear for the first time after making their choice to violate God’s command.
Make clear to first-time marathoners what elite runners already know: in certain situations it’s important to back off from the gut feeling to exert yourself more and more just to maintain the pace.
Because the school district that he attended in Arroyo Grande, CA decided that all ADHD children should be removed from the classroom and treated as educationally handicapped!
What Does the Present Owe the Future?
If you say, “Had I wanted to write about AIDS or the Palestinian problem I would have written a pamphlet,” you tend to get baffled stares.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies fell 5.82, or 0.70 percent, to 826.15.
Dash also uses two specialized information sources: the Oil Price Information Service, which provides current gas prices at specific stations, and West World Media’s Cinema-Source for movie listings and show times.
The review, led by the government’s top economist, Nicholas Stern, concluded that spending about 1 percent of global gross domestic product on stabilizing emissions today would avoid having to pay about 5 to 20 percent in the future.
On paper Ms. Bier, whose unsettling family dramas are the stylistic progeny of Ingmar Bergman via Lars von Trier — without Bergman’s heavy metaphysical baggage and Mr. von Trier’s trickster sensibility — is an ideal candidate for the job.
So right about everything, Will, as usual.
The United States edition will remain on the market, but with “routine, minor factual editorial changes” in the pages in question when a reprint comes out next week, an Anchor spokesman said.
Later, they walked down and picked some up and put them in the road.
Let this go on casually, by famous media entertainers.
Some countries — Argentina is one — have been quick to give amnesty to migrants.
Mr. Levin’s story is this: The beauty, wealth and fame of Hollywood celebrities are criminal.
‘THE BROTHERS SIZE’ Previews start on Tuesday.
(Mr. Viola, who earned his living as a construction supervisor, did well in the stock market, his nephew said.)
“I don’t think it ever damages relations when an American president talks about, you know — religious tolerance and religious freedom is good for a nation.
People respect higher costs: they behave better.
For various twisted reasons, that didn’t work out.
The dark, wood-paneled space draws a mixed crowd with dishes like Chowpatty ragada, potato patties topped with curried chickpeas, tamarind yogurt and mint chutney ($5.95), and shrimp bhuna, cooked with ginger, tomatoes and green chilies ($13.95).
Mr. Giuliani plucked Mr. Kerik from obscurity to make him correction commissioner.
Even opened, a bottle can last months without noticeable deterioration.
To be eligible for a lottery for an apartment, applicants cannot earn more than 110 percent of the area median income, which is $76,000 for a family of four.
With that money, she also bought a dresser and two nightstands to replace their broken predecessors.
Thanks.
The joint effort is a result of more than a month of negotiations between bankers and government officials in Washington and New York.
Obviously…there is no conclusion of any sort that can be determined by this discourse.
On Nov.
Two of her three middle-aged children, Lucille and Lewis, live at home, catering to her cordially while following their own mostly idle pursuits.
More crucially, the postponement of the crucial revelation irritates even as it compels.
The walls were covered with Mr. Chinmoy’s impressionistic brush paintings, and photographs of him running, bicycling, meditating, powerlifting and playing the cello.
Very late in Frank Sinatra’s career he played here in Tulsa one night.
You don’t want to get Rhonda Talbot angry.
Zach Parise also scored for New Jersey and set up Travis Zajac's goal during the Devils' two-goal first period against Sabourin, who turned aside only 18 shots as coach Michel Therrien again benched inconsistent starter Marc-Andre Fleury.
Will Des and A J heal the rifts in their relationship?
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration determines what qualifies as a truck based on its intended use.
She has raised a warning against her old enemy, Pakistan’s foremost intelligence agency, Inter-Services Intelligence, or ISI, and officials from the era of Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq, who deposed and hanged her father, Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, saying they are working against her.
I could go on and on, but this iPhone thing just shows they want too much control over people.
Since the first homes were sold in 1998, prices have risen sharply, as they have elsewhere in the Toronto region.
To Chris H. You wrote “One important factor in determining a president should be their ability to convey an image of clear resolve to the American people.
WITH: Octavio Gómez Berrios (Jorge), Eugenia Yuan (Amy), Mandy Patinkin (Rick), Aaron Paul (Jerry), Kate Buddeke (Teri) and Philippe Brenninkmeyer (Germanic Man).
Nevertheless, cemeteries are not immune from the more secular competitive zeal seen in neighborhoods where huge inflatable Santas and computerized light displays now subsume front yards.
It began with a meeting, at the suggestion of James Dawson, who covered the Yankees for The New York Times, between Dahlgren and Lefty O’Doul, an expert hitting instructor, at the wedding of Joe DiMaggio and Dorothy Arnold.
Owning, touching, and displaying books is part of my self-identity.
For a Navy wife, travel was mandatory and the McCains’ second child, John III, was born in Panama, albeit on United States territory.
As for Nixon…I hope his Quaker upbringing and training as a lawyer evntually shattered his arrogance and dirty-tricks mentality, forcing him to acknowledge and regret his crimes and shortcomings.
But even as it played chillingly on the primal fear of encountering malefactors in remote places, “Deliverance” also acquainted a wide swath of Americans with a stunning stretch of river.
There were lots of clothes she liked, but it kind of irked her, she said with a mild laugh, that “everything now seems to cost $2,500.”
The quandary is the same here: can a family really live on one income and, if not, is there affordable and quality childcare available.
The day’s events ignited a new round of speculation about Mr. Putin’s path through the elections ahead.
But the police officers assembled outside the courtroom, wearing the golden pins of the 70th Precinct and the nearby 72nd, cheered the verdict, the prosecutors and Mrs. Stewart.
The center has also approved the use of cow and chicken eyeballs cast off from slaughterhouses.
Which makes the discovery in Utah of four types of well-preserved fossil jellyfish from the Middle Cambrian period, half a billion years ago, all the more remarkable.
Looking at records alone, sometimes a team that has improved its personnel during the season can be underrated, as can one that has sustained injuries after securing its playoff spot.
VeriSign said it would focus on expanding its Web security business, like identity protection and authentication services.
“If you want to know what it was about the book that hit me, I don’t mean to sound catty, but that’s what the movie is all about,” he said a little impatiently.
It also helped those with counter-interests band together to defeat him.
“It seems like a step backward,” she added.
THERE is one scene in Noah Baumbach’s new film, “Margot at the Wedding,” that arose directly from the journalistic reaction to his previous film, “The Squid and the Whale.”
The game program will raise money for the new school’s scholarship fund.
The story of Mr. Lucas — a real-life gangster turned informant who is still alive — gives him license to return to the subjects that really inspire him: crime, punishment and the dope trade.
If Clinton had pointed this out, that real problems usually don’t come with black and white solutions and ticked off just a few examples of the trouble this logic has caused, it would’ve served her instead of hurting her.
On the other hand, the music scene in Europe at the time was headed in a completely different direction and could not have been more unwelcoming for an American with Barber’s unabashedly Romantic tendencies.
But shortly after Mr. Kelleher joined the museum, in 1949, he separated the information and sales departments and opened what was called an Art and Book Shop, with plans to sell a wide array of three-dimensional reproductions.
A proliferation of national chain stores outside town has already forced the closing of about half of the city’s once teeming central shopping district.
Hillary has a lot to offer but she also has a lot of baggage and needs to take a few risks.
The 30 objects on display include an array of flashlights with diverse designs from the 1940s to the 1990s, a 19th-century textile panel with instructions for making hand-shadow figures and the 1940s Silver Streak glass iron from the Corning Glass Works.
Long before I journeyed to the Crimea, I attempted to look for evidence in the Fenton photographs themselves.
She left the show early when she signed a contract with Universal Studios.
A subsequent Senate investigation found “circumstantial evidence” of collusion between the militants and some civilian and military officials.
Andrea Martin, an inspired comedian, makes the role of Frau Blucher, the sinister housekeeper, all her own through artful exaggeration.
And JetBlue, which already flies from New York to Santiago and Santo Domingo, plans to start nonstop service from New York to Puerto Plata in January.
She was at Sapa in Chelsea for several years before that.
I’ve lived for a month without Word.
Instead, he gives space and speeches to proselytizers and scoffers alike, letting readers form their own conclusions.
More than 80 heads of state and government are expected to attend this week’s opening of the 62nd General Assembly session, which has adopted climate change as its central theme.
The plan calls for HP to find a licensee to manufacture, design and distribute digital cameras under the HP brand name, said an HP spokeswoman.
Saakashvili imposed the state of emergency on Wednesday, after police fired plastic bullets, water cannon and tear gas at anti-government protesters to drive them off the streets.
How could a borough building commissioner say the foundation was complete if it was missing three 90-foot-long slabs?
Room rates vary widely, but lodge-style rooms start at $105 for two nights, not including programs and meals.
Kid 2: I drank some bad O.J. this morning and now I have a headache and a sore throat!
Q: Would you volunteer to return to Iraq?
Even individual spas and resorts are creating packages for solo travelers.
None of these documents need to be officially filed with a court until they are used.
“They’ve finally come to their senses,” said Anne M. Fried, a board member and the chairwoman of the building committee at 110-118 Riverside Drive, a 16-story, 165-apartment co-op at 83rd Street.
I call it a miracle cure and I finally can enjoy a glass of wine (or chocolate galore), or two, without having to worry about getting a headache that could potentially turn into a migraine.
Messier has been known to get emotional in public, painting quite a different picture from the one of the man who was known as a tough competitor on the ice.
To me it was obvious that concern for the runners came first and all other interests second.
Welcome to the club.
And TV and radio continue to be a bastion of white males.
Athletes develop a lower resting heart rate, their hearts beat slower during exercise, and their hearts are larger than they were before training began.
Made by Ginger People of Marina, Calif., they are $6.50 to $7 for 6.7 ounces at Whole Foods at Columbus Circle, and $7 plus shipping from gingerpeople.com.
IAC has just introduced 236.com, a fake news site.
“Every year has issues, but there are periods when the trauma is heightened,” he says with characteristic understatement.
His new book on higher education, "Save the World On Your Own Time," will be published in 2008.
The campaign is unusually guarded with routine information, giving out only Giuliani’s public schedule, and almost no one associated with the campaign will talk to a reporter without a press aide listening in on the line.
Gianna Volpi, who condensed “Tosca,” stopped by.
With this in mind, the idea of movement from cannonball impact vibration would be a stretch: it seems unlikely the camera would have been left on its tripod during shelling, or that the exact location would’ve been re-found later if the equipment had been moved.
Are sellers and buyers polite and trusting as they deal under intense pressure — the first to sell out highly perishable merchandise, the second to get the best value for family, shop or restaurant?
The militants say India's national government exploits the northeast's rich natural resources while doing little for the area's indigenous people.
I cheer every time you stand up and defend our children.
At 59E59 Theaters, 59 East 59th Street, Manhattan; (212) 279-4200.
Weeks later, Mr. Kerik recommended Mr. Ray for a $100,000 job with Interstate Industrial Corporation, a New Jersey-based construction firm with tens of millions of dollars in city contracts.
But only one.
Understand that this plea refers not to the singers, but to the latest show, “Three Mo’ Tenors,” a musical vehicle for black tenors inspired by the original Three Tenors and now running at the Little Shubert Theater.
At the suggestion of a friend, the billionaire Warren E. Buffett, Rodriguez sent word to the Yankees that he wanted to return and would make a deal without Boras’s involvement.
For sheer absurdity, it was matched only by the mysterious suit of armor perched atop a cupboard near the kitchen.
Now it was just the same pub all the way through, but each side was still referred to by its old name, and short Mr Hughes, tall Mr Hughes and Mr Puw always came in through the LOUNGE BAR door and stayed on that side of the pub, and Septic Barry and the Children from Previous Relationships always came in through the PUBLIC BAR door and stayed on that side of the pub.
The windows near the elevators on the 21st floor of the Sheraton Meadowlands Hotel are fit for football espionage.
“Like doors opening and closing?
But I do wonder is as I have visited other zoos, Tiger’s cage is the most reinforced one, even more than the Lion.
Part of the problem for us at home is that the web photos are too low in resolution for us to analyze.
The building’s previous owner, TMC Properties of Manhattan, had been unable to find a suitable long-term tenant after the belt maker, Swank Inc., moved out in 2005, according to Beth Chappel, the listing broker for the property and a vice president in the Stamford office of CB Richard Ellis.
In contrast with New York City, federal scores in Atlanta and Washington rose significantly across all grade levels and subjects since 2005.
A big booster of American sports, Brimson is less than sanguine about Sunday’s National Football League game between the Giants and Miami Dolphins at the new Wembley Stadium in London.
I liked the idea that, through supreme force of will, I could free myself from the iron grip of Big Pharma.
Drawn from the original camera negative, this version is being released today by the Criterion Collection, and it’s a revelation.
Mr. Donathan said he turned over part of his proceeds to the Vanguard Charitable Endowment Program, a donor-advised fund — thereby reducing his capital-gains tax.
He started writing in 1957, said his publisher, De Bezige Bij.
Maybe, like in our own homes, we won’t reach for the gun unless we know — without the shadow of a doubt — that there simply is no other alternative for our self-protection, or for the protection of our good friends abroad.
The Pirates weren’t exactly seeking a blockbuster name to improve their credibility or their popularity among their fans.
A hag in a pink veil makes a spooky Helen of Troy, and a skeleton stands in for Alexander the Great.
1: In-Country),” I shared some of the poems I wrote while deployed to Iraq as an infantry team leader.
Smoot was fine, physically.
Other electronics makers are also studying the market.
“This exchange is limiting one way in which these growers can compete for the business of these major fast-food contracts,” said Stephen F. Ross, a Pennsylvania State University law professor.
In other words, although you may want to fasten your seat belt for a bumpy flight, you will probably be able to leave the motion-sickness bag in the pocket of the seat in front of you.
From shadows it seems clear that ON was taken before OFF, but in OFF there are fewer cannonballs not only on the road, but also fewer in the ditch.
The official said soldiers suffered no casualties in either incident.
The American hosts are hoping to encourage the attendance of high-level representatives from the Arab world, and particularly Saudi Arabia, which has no diplomatic relations with Israel, to give the meeting added legitimacy.
Still, he offered a revealing anecdote.
Ms. Spinari would turn the ground floor into an art gallery, the island’s first.
I blame this insane preoccupation with socializing partly on the popularization of vague psychiatric notions, and the tyranny of psychiatric and social worker attitudes, that started in the late 19th century and that we continue to drag around like so much wheely luggage into the 21st.
Too often lacking.
She liked her daughter to play a role, “to be the Writer” in her presence.
They have helped me educate a number of (relative) youngsters about the evil of Tricky Dick and his henchmen.
It might be raining, Jones said.
A: If we were to limit our recommendations to a handful, or commit the mistake (as I once did in an early edition of my first guidebook) of saying that a particular establishment was “the single best value in all of Venice,” then the consequences you’ve imagined would occur, and a flood of tourists would reduce the authenticity of the choice.
But it sure seems worth the effort.
So I took CarMD to my local service station, Soundview Servicenter in Old Greenwich, Conn., and Joseph Parente, the manager, plugged it into a 1997 Mitsubishi Montero that had just come in with its check-engine light on.
A great puzzle, and true to life in being so.
He did not elaborate further.
He said he also objected to the program’s “narrow ideological view, which is not the direction we want to go in for sexual health.”
The hotel can organize boat trips on the Mekong.
Army-McCarthy Hearings were quite riveting.
The economy added 166,000 jobs in October, the fastest pace in five months, the Labor Department said.
Dan, like many characters played by Mr. Carell, has the curious quality of seeming to be more complicated than he really is.
When she was 10, her father took her to pro wrestling matches in Columbia and she was inspired to become a wrestler by watching Mildred Burke, the reigning women’s champion.
Or maybe Apple is just hedging its best.
His diagnosis was burnout — dysthymia, to use the clinical term.
“I’ve never pitched in a game of this magnitude,” Humber said.
The new schools in New York City included Arthur Tappan Elementary School in Harlem, P.S. 291 in the Bronx and Middle School for the Arts in Brooklyn.
He said that audience members may leave but would not be allowed by the Secret Service to reenter.
Studying the stem cells, they got a better understanding of when and how this silencing occurred.
So you may not be the right performer for it if you have a particularly wooden countenance.
But, from his dogs, he has learned how to anticipate the worst.
The bill passed in August allowed the administration to inform the FISA court about its methods and then issue blanket demands for data to communications companies without any further court approval or review.
The company listed $14.8 million in assets and $7.5 million in debt in a petition filed in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del.
Mr. Mottershead said that he identified the impersonator by matching up Internet protocol addresses on the bulletin boards with those on the federation’s discussion forum.
And in a field full of thoughtful and innovative candidates, on both sides of the party divide, we will have only ourselves to blame.
The joke of the night came when a young man asked him whether he supported embarking on a manned mission to Mars.
He wrote the book as a satire, he said, hoping to inspire students and parents to focus on learning and not just transcript primping.
Ten people were injured.
And yet more queasily: This place that nurtured me — did it also stunt me, inhibit me, even, literally, poison me?
But he asserted that Iran’s support for militant groups in Iraq reflected its anxiety over the Bush administration’s policies in the region, including talk of a possible American military strike on Iranian nuclear installations.
I assure my fellow readers that Dr. Kass’s sentiments do no represent those of all Christians, just as the views of some who have commented here do not represent the views of all scientists or other concerned individuals.
The wild card wasn’t available to the Yankees because the second-place teams in the other divisions had better records.
Mr. Vallone, who shares custody of two daughters with his ex-wife, said he has “always been torn” about whether to take plastic or paper bags.
So OFF would be earlier in the day than ON.
Sales of winter sports toys, a category that includes most sleds, which are not tracked separately, have been dropping since 2004; in 2006 they were down 40 percent from 2005, to $29 million from $49 million, according to the NPD Group, a market research firm.
BookMooch now has 40,000 members around the world, according to Mr. Buckman, and people are joining at a rate of 300 a day.
The part of the road in view in Fenton’s photos is where the fire from the three Russian batteries converge.
You drop out of school, go to live among the gay bohemians of Greenwich Village, make your name writing about dogs with erections.
Sokha Beach Resort Sihanoukville's high-end standard-bearer, on a lovely stretch of beach.
Eventually, he asked her to marry him.
He threw 20 touchdown passes and only 4 interceptions this season after throwing 12 touchdown passes and 14 interceptions last season.
When the corporation building the Three Gorges project publicly listed a subsidiary in 2003, share prices surged by 45 percent as the company raised nearly $1.2 billion in a single day.
The only explanation is that they have been moved - not carried off by soldiers, but moved.
Carrier did not yet know about the N.Y.U. meeting or the forthcoming DVD, but he already had cause for concern.
No matter how conscientiously filmmakers try to pack each frame with enlightening data, much of it doesn’t register because the Imax format is distractingly spectacular.
Charles Ray began his career as a craft-conscious Conceptual joker tackling different sculptural properties: scale, gravity, weight and illusion.
Your work is entertaining, poignant, and spot-on.
The Ideal of democracy, as to be realized. globally, appears to be as remote as another galaxy.
I was in the Museum of Jewish Heritage in Lower Manhattan, wandering around its gift shop, which was filled with dozens of the most dazzling menorahs imaginable, some costing hundreds of dollars.
McLaren seemed to always need engine swappings and that cost him qualifying spots.
‘YELLOW FACE’ In previews; opens on Dec.
“Consumer knowledge and consumer awareness is changing,” Mr. Coleman said.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
In addition to shutting down its nuclear program, North Korea agreed to last week’s summit meeting between Kim Jong-il and South Korea’s president, Roh Moo-hyun, during which they discussed further economic cooperation and the prospects of a peace treaty.
I don’t talk about TV - and I notice how people gravitate to that conversation and give it so much time and weight– their references to life are… TV.
Mishaps have been the rule for the Americans over the years in the relays, but there were no bouncing batons or lane violations this time.
In addition, he said, the company had agreed to operate nitrogen oxide removal plants, in a process called selective catalytic reduction, year-round at three coal stations that already have the equipment but now use it only in summer smog season.
Even leaving finances out of it, working versus SAH involves many legitimate considerations and goals and aspirations.
With support from lawyers, judges and a wide public following, Mr. Chaudhry led a street-style political campaign against his summary firing that helped fuel popular sentiment against General Musharraf.
Among psychologists, the arguments are even more pointed.
But they were mired in a background investigation by city regulators that focused on the organized crime accusations.
While the Casablanca bombings had dampened public sympathy for terrorist groups, animosity toward the United States ran strong.
What has “gone wrong” is that we’re experiencing the effects of our slow-but-sure abandonment of high quality public education that used to crank out educated citizens who wanted to, and could, participate in the democracy.
One was that the compression of the calendar created the conditions for several candidates to win early state contests.
Save for old, used or damaged books, discounting in Germany is illegal.
Roger Entner, a communications industry consultant with IAG Research, which advises mobile carriers, said Sprint and Verizon were each offering around 60 million songs a month for downloading.
I am kind of concerned about what’s going on in Manhattan — maybe not New York City generally, but certainly Manhattan.
I wish more university presidents had vocal chords and other anatomical attributes.
Today it has only 1,200 to cover the entire world, forcing it to rely mainly on contractors.
Watching videotape of Bush urging another leader to rethink martial law.
Anyone attending “Dancing With the Stars” this season must be at least 16 years old with or without an industry connection.
From the rooftops, there is stillness, freezing the moments last week when the rivers rose and people moved what they could up to their roofs.
This is significant for the Japanese audience because it means the new Prius will probably be introduced at an American auto show.
For other perspectives: Robinson Jeffers, R.W. Emerson, Melville (especially, “The Whiteness of the Whale”), etc.
The Bluetooth-based Sync allows hands-free operation of cellphones, iPods, other music players and U.S.B. storage drives, via voice commands or steering wheel buttons.
Houses that once sold for $21,000 now fetch $500,000, despite the current doldrums, he noted, adding that longtime residents have fared well.
You can taste that effort when the mole is presented over a plate of enchiladas.
I try to avoid situations where there are a lot of flashing lights–cameras, strobes, police investigations, ceiling fans in certain lighting conditions, slatted blinds on sunny days.
It’s the gait he uses in the movie’s famous final sequence, when he escapes from the reform school he has wound up in and, his pursuers well behind him, makes his way across a bleak beach for his first-ever glimpse of the sea.
The story follows a young woman, in her teens to begin with, whose behavior causes one of her husbands to die of apoplexy and another to cut his throat.
The one nice thing about our democracy, which Fish doesn’t mention, is that we can throw the bums out every 2 or 4 years, and then revise the laws so they’re not undermining our civil liberties.
I tried hard to prove that Keller and Sontag were wrong – to prove that ON came before OFF.
My trouble with this campaign is that ransom notes are associated with criminal behavior.
The Jets’ secondary expected the most prolific wide receiving duo in the N.F.L. — Chad Johnson and T. J. Houshmandzadeh — to challenge early and often.
Its shares fell 14 cents to $41.40 in premarket trading.
Just over a dozen people were reported to have died in the earthquakes, although hundreds of buildings were damaged in the coastal cities of Padang and Benkulu in western Sumatra.
Hamptons Pickup soccer matches in the Hamptons; beach closings and bad weather; and a cigarette butt-free Atlantic City shoreline.
While that may have been the most articulated response, it was hardly the only one.
He quickly put his military experiences to literary use by selling a screenplay on the siege of Bataan to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
The catalogs were recently purchased by Robert Edsel, a retired Texas oilman and president of the Monuments Men Foundation for the Preservation of Art, who decided to donate them to the archives.
Problem is, after four years, hoping is not good enough anymore.
I haven’t found any that went the other way.
(The current president seems to rank on par with a character from another of his movies, Hannibal Lecter.)
They averaged 26.7 points in their first seven games and have averaged 17.2 in their last six.
Now there are all manner of detectors that can alert homeowners to everything from carbon monoxide to freezing pipes.
Fewer of us are lucky enough to stay home with their children by proxy — meaning we are actually working in the same physical space as our children.
If G-d is not in favor of democracy, why did he leave it up to Abraham to decide whether or not to sacrifice his son?
I would have expected that there would have been less balls in the immediate foreground if some had been taken to scatter on the roadway.
Still, the queen-size bed was luscious, like sleeping on a cake with lots of icing.
Alberto Mugrabi, a Manhattan dealer, bought the painting for $580,000.
In some places there are sticker-only community lots with vacant spaces adjoining the few taken public spots.
The camp was closed shortly after Martin’s death.
While commuting from Manhattan to an upstate New York teaching job, I got to experience the vigor of morning rush hour in Grand Central Terminal.
Harvard psychologist Nancy Etcoff goes further in her book, “Survival of the Prettiest,” in which she argues that the stigma of pimples has its roots in evolutionary biology.
School officials said 19 schools were locked down as a precaution.
It really does pay to go the extra mile.
It is hardly indicative of a “splintering” of old alliances.
The bottom line is that many statistics on health outcomes say little about our system of health care.
In October, another 18-year-old freshman, who attended Rider’s Westminster Choir College in Princeton, died of a heroin overdose; four other Rider students face criminal charges in connection with the death.
All other suggestions from commenters have been great!
Growing up poor taught her to have a backup for artistic pursuits that would not earn her enough money.
Oakwood looked longingly at the water, then back at Carol.
This supports the recycling theory, the ON photo was taken, soldiers removed the cannonballs from both the road and the side of the road, and the OFF photograph was taken.
When the coast was clear, I said I had to turn in.
Her woes began when Countrywide took over her loan two years ago.
For those who attempt it, the doctoral dissertation can loom on the horizon like Everest, gleaming invitingly as a challenge but often turning into a masochistic exercise once the ascent is begun.
The four Detroit area factories — two assembly and two stamping plants in Warren and Sterling Heights, Mich. — each approved the contract tonight by wide margins.
“Proceed as if we’re not going out of business,” said Tom Alex, the group’s president.
Then he smiled at my statements of failure to find supporting evidence for the theory, and then asked me if I had remembered to take into consideration that the whole area had recently been glaciated.
The foreign fighters are not only bolstering the ranks of the insurgency.
Or that the word at street level is more than a shibboleth or a glittering generality.
Hundreds of them hang in rows on the walls of Tuol Sleng, which is now a museum, their fixed stares tempting a visitor to search for meaning here on the cusp of death.
Deciding what else is worthy of discovery is harder, in part because there is no coherent unity to Paris churches.
Many businesses in Cambridge and Lexington have signed up, including the Harvard Coop in Cambridge, the university’s main store for books and merchandise bearing the Harvard seal.
When the police came, dozens of ultra-Orthodox men attacked them while the assailants escaped.
They spent their mornings running with a trainer at one athletic club.
Shares of BEA rose 70 cents, to close at $16.70.
“It was a very difficult shoot, and I had a lot of unusual demands.”
Cavett was the only guy who could present that kind of drama on talk shows back then and his counterpunching was courageous in light of Mailer’s condition that night.
They included results from 3,292,268 runners on 750 race days and 14 million hours of running.
And yet, in a compulsively sanitized culture, cleaning one part of the body — the hands — seems to be more honored in the breach than the observance.
DETROIT, Oct.
Through Dec.
To combat attacks from the right, Mr. Romney debuted a message in May centered around what he called the “three legs of the conservative stool” — meant to unite social, fiscal and foreign-policy conservatives behind him.
Suit.
Now, sit down, be quiet, and just listen to each candidate.
These nifty devices enable you to store thousands of hours of your favorite music and take it with you as you bop through your day.
This whole piece of legislation is pastel, an attempt to color over real problems our children face.
I stood up and said my piece to the class, explained how lucky we are to live in a nation that offers so many freedoms, and with a heartfelt tear I walked out.
Not only does an ample morning meal provide energy for the day’s labors, but it better satisfies our appetites, perhaps because the brain’s satiety systems work best early in the day.
The agency’s 35-nation board of governors has gathered for a two-day series of meetings that will address, among other issues, an agency report circulated last week on Iran’s compliance with a plan it accepted in August to shed light on past nuclear activities.
A new, blunt letter-based rating system evaluates New York City public schools according to environment, student performance and student progress.
“It’s the result of our nonisolation, which provides the freedom not to be politically engaged at all — on the contrary — they seem to have no interest in morality,” he said.
He sat down for a moment.
Now the label, based in Atlanta, has produced “The Art of Field Recording, Vol.
In the best “let’s put on a show” tradition, the league also arranged for a special free concert at the Marriott Marquis at noon today.
Dana M. Perino, the White House press secretary, said Democrats were “playing politics” with the waterboarding issue, noting that Mr. Mukasey had not been briefed on classified interrogation methods.
“This is something that everyone needs,” said Kathryn S. Wylde, the president of Partnership for New York City, a group of business leaders from throughout the city that supports the effort.
The shadows are not that different.
FATTY CRAB Zakary Pelaccio, above, and Rick Camac will open a 62-seat branch of their Greenwich Village Malaysian cafe in early spring, in what had been Zen Palate.
In fact, T-Mobile licensed the hardware design from the BlackBerry’s maker, though it substituted its own software.
Dick Cavett is no doubt quivering with anticipation at the prospect of being invited onto Imus’ new show, and feeling like “one of the boys.”
Many of my favorite interviews have already been resurrected and fondly remembered.
You, Mr. Morris, embody that ethical commitment, and your inquiry exemplifies it for all of us.
How I feel for them…..
Mr. Riley, who had previously led the school district in Lawrence, N.J., in Mercer County, where there is a significant Hispanic population, told the board it had to invest in Fernbrook to help get the results that school officials were seeking.
Outlast’s tiny, “encapsulated phase change materials” actually switch back and forth from liquid to solid, absorbing heat and producing a pronounced cooling sensation.
In keeping with the school’s new focus, he said, he has adjusted his science lessons to emphasize the basic reading and math skills being measured on the standardized tests.
The two women’s stories converge in the person of Richard Kliman, Jamie’s former boyfriend, who now happens to be working on a biography of E. I. Lonoff that Amy wants to prevent.
Molly Worthen is writing a book about evangelical intellectual life.
There should be no shame thrown at birth parents.
There are no vacuum chambers anywhere even remotely capable of hosting such a large stage.
We otherwise give every real security threat the edge when we greet them with hugs instead of handcuffs.
As I started to read this story, I was wondering if there was a mentor behind Nick.
Brilliantly and succinctly this says it all.
The company’s position is that what the investigators are looking at as kickbacks are instead “prompt payment discounts” received for paying its suppliers within a specific time, a widely accepted practice in the food industry.
Yet, while all this will undoubtedly strengthen individual mother-daughter bonds, I wonder if it will have any wider effect.
He just knew he could not stop.
He’s the liar.
I say, let Dawkins, Hitchens et. al. ridicule on.
Merck recalled about one million doses of its Hib vaccine this week, and will probably not make more for about a year, a company official said.
The goal of the organization was and is to share the unique experiences and identity of intercountry adoptees and their families and to celebrate the broader transcultural community.
When our four months of winter (Go Colts!) have passed, I hope the powers-that-be at the NY Times will grant us access to your “ramblings” again, for the new season.
IT WAS COMMENTS LIKE THESE that have led Jim Sheridan, the director of three films starring Daniel Day-Lewis — including 1989’s “My Left Foot,” for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor — to remark that Day-Lewis “hates acting.”
In 1983, a year after the rally, Dr. Forsberg received the so-called “genius award” from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
Jeffrey Toobin, the author of “The Nine”; Leslie H. Gelb on “The Israel Lobby”; Dale Peck on “The Outsiders,” by S. E. Hinton.
The Honda bill would ban states from requiring the witnessing or notarization of ballot-return envelopes, long a problem in remote areas; to require that passports include information on absentee voting; and to create a $5 million grant for nonpartisan organizations to assist overseas voters.
The university president will be a foreigner, and the faculty members and graduate students at first will be overwhelmingly foreign as well.
Mr. Kurtag, born in Romania but for all practical purposes Hungarian, seems to reach back three generations to his anguished colleague on this program.
There needs to be a more effective way to report when there are problems with a product, and the commission should be required to make the complaints available to the public as they come in.
It is ohana, family.
Agreeing with R.Grady, looking at the many spheres, in every case the shadows on corresponding cannonballs appear larger in the OFF exposure.
By the third quarter, the buzz had become captivation.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — When Michigan Coach Lloyd Carr made a recruiting visit to Mike Hart in Syracuse nearly four years ago, he and Hart ducked out of a frigid and windy night into a local rib joint called Dinosaur Bar-B-Que.
Additionally, a nature center is planned, and crabbing and shrimping lessons will be offered.
Keep writing them forever.
Like wine tastings and clinical trials, I would only believe a “blind” viewer’s comments — someone who doesn’t know who took the photos and does not know their context.
Or was it because using remission made Effexor look more impressive than response did?
He takes considerable pride in the affordable fun available to families at the gathering.
3 — As the first bush fires of the year rage through Australia’s national forests, concern over climate change and its effects is intensifying among Australians.
Still, there are currently 500 million shekels in circulation in Gaza, according to Muhammad Kirresh, a Palestinian economic analyst — enough, he said, to meet current needs.
But he couldn’t answer questions about the defense.
Portions of Interstate 35 and Interstate 44 were shut down early Monday afternoon in Oklahoma City after ice-laden power lines collapsed and fell into the roadways.
And how would he accomplish uniting red and blue people so that he is president of all? 2 possibilities: Propose nothing that anyone can object to (no fights) or as he puts it, he will unite everybody because he has a unique life story (!?!)
Holliday credits much of his power surge to the former single-season home run champion McGwire, who visited Coors Field last August and broke down Holliday’s swing on video and then suggested Holliday add a leg kick.
And with that, the would-be president of the United States moved on to the next table.
He is president of the network of about 5,000 doctors in Partners HealthCare, the health system formed by Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston.
Outfitters supply some equipment, but expect to bring the essentials, including a sleeping bag with a 0-degree Fahrenheit rating, a headlamp and a method for purifying water.
He was a young man at the time (he’s now 49), a college athlete, and had been training continuously for several years, running an average of 80 miles a week.
Bom Kim, founder and editor of 02138, which is not affiliated with the university or its alumni association, said that gave him pause.
It is “something that all couples go through,” he said.
However, it was not designed to hold the weight of so many people crossing at once.
The problem was not in giving a nuanced answer, but rather in failing to stand behind that answer, because of a political calculation that she must not be seen to support giving drivers licenses to illegals.
Not just any engine, but one so marvelous that I’d urge anyone to skip the others that are available.
Ms. Zweig was followed by how-to-do-it books on eye-shadow application, video games, comic-book heroes.
Although an overwhelming majority of some 1,600 doctors acknowledged that they should make such reports to hospitals, clinics or other relevant authorities, they often flinched when the occasion arose.
What about the possibility that soldiers scattered the cannon balls to recreate the scene for the photographer?
For Albert Lamorisse, who began and ended his career as a documentary filmmaker, the difference lies in the landscape.
If they can be coaxed into redeveloping bone or cartilage, they could be used to reverse the damage caused by disease, birth defects and traumatic injuries.
Bill Clinton, the first gentleman (is that what we’ll call it?) would also make a great Secretary of State.
This would make it possible for a driver to go to a station rather than wait to recharge a battery, he said.
Worldwide, these lung diseases kill 2.5 million people a year.
Something like that pattern repeated itself with “Sideways” and “Little Miss Sunshine,” Fox Searchlight’s only other best-picture nominees to date.
Q. Why wouldn’t that same approach work for adopting other environmentally sound practices?
Slightly stunned (after all, I only came for some ice cream), I suggested that another translation, that of Andrew Bromfield, was also quite good and that, in general, only translations with the first sentence starting in French, as in Tolstoy’s original, should be considered.
Before deciding to have a new bunkhouse in place for next summer, become familiar with local laws.
To whom is loyalty owed?
The ones who were playing in obscurity in Division I-AA as recently as 1999.
He didn’t tell her the reason, because he didn’t think he should have to, but in fact the company’s Florida office had been damaged in a hurricane and he needed to stay in the South rather than return to the North to replace her while she was gone.
My migraines dramatically improved once I was clear of the pill for a few months, and have never been as bad since.
Coach Pat Riley has had difficulty convincing the newcomers that it would be a smart thing to keep passing O’Neal the ball.
Still, there are times when agents shy away from this strategy.
Thank you for articulating the components of that airport disease which has spread around the world.
And, btw, I am a father who took care of my child for years almost by myself when her mother gave up after about 8 years.
General Musharraf had been widely expected to be re-elected as the government coalition holds a majority in all but one provincial assembly.
What makes Ms. Ohayon’s movie special is its recognition that epic horrors don’t erase private dramas.
He also asked Stanley Kubrick for outtakes of rolling countryside that were shot for “The Shining,” and used them as backdrop for the desired happy ending.
An American official here said the hope was that Mr. Mubarak’s ultimate replacement would be someone who maintains the same historical appreciation for peace and relations with Washington.
The party was a large affair, held in a private room of the Russian Tea Room in Midtown, celebrating the career of the outgoing commissioner of the Administration for Children’s Services, Nicholas Scoppetta.
He was so influenced by Dr. Hirsch’s “quiet dignity” that he chose to follow in his footsteps, he said, switching his focus from pediatrics to forensic pathology.
I flew 72 FAC, psywar and combat photography missions out of Danang in Vietnam over the DMZ, I Corps and II Corps and worked for a Lt. Col. who regularly told me to leave my weapons in his headquarters office “just in case he was attacked”.
What Coltrane accomplished, and how he connected with audiences for jazz around the world, seems to elude any possible career plan, and is remarkably separate from what we have come to understand as European-based, Western-culture artistic consciousness.
For one thing, it rests on a very rickety base of political support.
The same question might be asked of Butoh.
The Times shrank its page size during the quarter, contributing to reduced use of newsprint and ink.
But books we call literary explore, digging out fresh pockets of subject matter or language, describing what we haven’t seen captured in words.
Pope Benedict recently re-established an office for interfaith dialogue that he had shuttered, but his emphasis has been on concrete actions like protecting Christian minorities in Muslim lands.
This has nothing to do with disagreeing politically, and I would imagine that Bollinger would have taken a completely different tact if welcoming a Palestinian head of state with whom he might agree of disagree over the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
He was a skinny backup quarterback in an all-star game that no longer drew the biggest stars of college football.
Yet his window is always open to catch the sound of the sandwich vendors in the street, the men in the teahouse, the metallic whine of the ferries as they dock “at any of the little wooden tire-ringed landing stations .”
So the cause is, essentially, that people eat too much; and the cure is, essentially, to eat less.
Cool cucumber water is available everywhere, and attendants ply guests with iced citrus washcloths and big, fluffy towels — the kinds of amenities you have to bring for yourself at the more rustic establishments.
More children are participating in after-school programs than a decade ago, though they are more likely to be taking extra lessons if they are wealthier and Asian.
But the ABC side of the preschool spectrum — a more didactic emphasis on school readiness — also deserves its due, and not just because government financing may not always match liberal dreams.
Could be fun.
The nameplate pinned to her yellow and white sari was lettered Anna.
As the committee prepared to vote Wednesday, Mr. Bush, the American ambassador to Turkey, Ross Wilson, and other officials cajoled lawmakers by phone.
About 25 years ago, I started to do something called “lucid dreaming.”
Thomas Joseph Meskill Jr. was born in New Britain, Conn., on Jan.
He just keeps on coming back.
Maybe Fenton thought there were too many rocks in the photograph.
Detail of “OFF.”
Nintendo, which also makes Pokemon and Super Mario games, is expecting to sell 17.5 million Wiis by March 31, the end of its fiscal year.
A crab salad is $12, as is an accompanying martini.
Checking bags is not an option.
As one of the apparent few “nice guys”, I find this article incredibly insulting to both men and women.
Last year, even though the district faced a $3 million budget shortfall, the board hired more teachers at Fernbrook, including one who spoke Spanish.
Mr. Byrd later had the room cleared of protesters after they disrupted an answer by Gen. Peter Pace, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Earlier this year, when we met for a rare interview in his spacious office on the 10th floor of Syria’s ministry of religious endowments, he told me, “It happens sometimes that a misogynistic religious scholar will argue that women are the source of all kinds of evil.”
Two police sources said the shooting on Tuesday was in the central Baghdad district of Karrada.
It was I, along with Faultless Frank and the Danderoo, who brought the American public the Miami Dolphins’ 11th consecutive victory, out of an eventual 17, in their unbeaten 1972 season.
His attitude toward her was truly demeaning and he trivialized the entire subject, despite the fact that he had been plugging those cleaning products daily.
Wal-Mart has had tense relations with unions, which have criticized pay and working conditions there.
One thing struck me off the bat that may have been mentioned by some of the commenters, but I have not had a chance to read all the comments.
Mr. Graham said that when the institution does change — for instance, the Lords has chosen a speaker for the last two years to do a job that used to be done by the multitasking lord chancellor — it simply readjusts to fit in with tradition.
“These are only the ones who, after due process, find that their placement was inappropriate.”
Someone earlier suggested that if the balls had been moved, they would obviously be moved down-hill.
One of the problems with the election in April was the attempt by the electoral commission to exclude many candidates because of corruption allegations.
Apple is doing clearly a mistake here.
It even hints that it might like to dip a toe into the waters of the 21st century.
However, that focused search was ended and detectives pursued other leads, with deputies driving back roads in the area.
Human Technology and science can allow us to co-exist with a reasonably healty global eco-system.
One trick that’s going to help you: after you scan the images at high resolution, change your Photoshop mode to 16 bits.
In the city-within-a-city that is Evin, there is no night and day; the lights burn constantly, and it is only ever “now.”
Though the deep well of sonority that comes mainly through years of communal experience and molding was necessarily lacking at times, sheer brilliance and power carried the day in climaxes.
In Schilling’s first start, he held the Angels scoreless for seven innings with 11 days of rest.
Now, they are 1 to 8, which means you would have to bet $8 to make $1.
There are little tiny ones.
His book of poems, "Here, Bullet," won the 2005 Beatrice Hawley Award and was a New York Times Editor's Choice selection.
Butter, which has been used for thousands of years, is made from animal products, making it high in cholesterol and saturated fat, which have been linked to heart disease.
“The people who move to the West today need to realize they’re moving into a desert,” Mulroy said.
“Given Mr. Icahn’s success in prodding the managements of both [MedImmune] and [Biogen Idec] into putting their companies up for sale, we think it’s at least possible that [Genzyme] may ultimately do the same,” he wrote.
Stephen J. Dubner is an author and journalist who lives in New York City.
He added a two-car garage, an indoor pool and gym, an orangery behind the house, and a terrace, so that the house now has four terraces totaling 2,714 square feet.
Cannot figure out why Hiltachk thought that his partisan idea had a chance to overrule the current CA law.
The most recent Pew survey of the electorate, which came out two years ago, revealed that Republicans find common ground on social issues like discouraging homosexuality and teaching creationism alongside evolution in the public schools.
And of course, there are plenty of cafes — engineered to sell social scenes and designer sandwiches as much as coffee — where you can kill a few hours.
And satellite spaces are popping up: Lehman Maupin (Chelsea), Greenberg Van Doren (57th Street), Salon 94 (Upper East Side) and Museum 52 (London) have all opened Lower East Side extensions.
I’m sure that you just laughed along with them, but to me they were offensive.
“We should be able to open traffic even as we repair the walls,” said Douglas Failing, a district director for the California Department of Transportation.
“I heard Nicolas Cage was getting $2 million for the movie, so I doubled my price,” says Mr. Hevener, who would not reveal what he was paid by MGM.
It doesn’t much matter whether those morning carbs or fats come in the form of bacon, buttered toast or whole-grain cereal, Dr. de Castro found; they’re more satiating when they’re consumed early.
But why this cannonball?
He taped television commercials and judged the Miss Universe pageant.
She got a glimpse of Mr. Hawkins’s body after the shooting.
Excluding special items, the company’s earnings of $1.53 a share beat analysts’ average forecast by 5 cents, according to Reuters Estimates.
In fact, the upbeat banter between them gives the impression that their happiest moments are with one another.
Life is not hard enough already?
The plan would also allow the relatives of injured soldiers to take six months of unpaid leave from their jobs within the first two years after the injury occurs.
“Twenty of the coin- and card-operated machines will be inaugurated in a trendy shopping area of the city center, which has for the most part been declared off-limits to parking for security concerns.
The women gave Redesdale a “Candid Camera” look.
I need to do further examination of the issue.” rather than those who shoot from the hip about issues for the sake of providing a catchy, slogan-worthy answer?
Goldman suggests that the mastermind of the murder may still be free, and that it may be Otto Pérez Molina, a former general who is campaigning for president on a law-and-order platform (a runoff election is scheduled for Nov.
I’m so glad I had my children before the age of parenting as an olympic class competative sport.
Wheelchair accessible.
Recreational flying might not immediately leap to mind if you’re looking for a fun, low-cost weekend activity.
Orange groves are everywhere, and giant trucks piled with oranges roar frighteningly past on the tiny roads.
But with writers on the warpath for a larger share of what they see as expanding corporate profits, Mr. Smith said he was now braced for skepticism from the labor side.
Scute is constantly produced and builds up over time, and by analyzing the concentrations of certain isotopes of carbon and nitrogen in the layers, the researchers were able to draw some conclusions about what the turtles were eating and where.
(“The Band’s Visit” opens in December in New York and Los Angeles.)
And another man is held in balance by himself: Turkish artist Ali Sükrü Fidan shows him at the edge of a cliff.
Parishioners seemed confused at times about when to sit or stand.
The Warner Music Group said yesterday that its fourth-quarter profit slipped 58 percent amid a softer international market and a decline in compact disc sales.
The area has golfing and boating.
He reports on a new “voluntary carbon standard” intended by its developers to increase confidence that a ton of avoided climate-warming emissions is real.
City Harvest has been soliciting donations of fresh produce from farmers upstate for several years, asking them for apples and onions that are too small or too flawed to sell to grocery chains.
(WNYC, noon): The neurologist Oliver Sacks discusses "Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain," to be reviewed in TBR on Oct.
They say he was acting at the orders of Saddam Hussein, who was planting sleeper agents to keep track of his enemies abroad.
Bread is one beneficiary: its denim sits on shelves at Bloomingdale’s, Fred Segal and Searle.
Unfortunately, the only means for these experiences to get into established history and other humanities curriculums is through developing an independent program to wedge into an established curriculum.
Starting this month, the central bank will publish its economic forecasts four times a year rather than just twice.
Mr. Kernochan’s influence went beyond artists’ rights.
The left-most track has a cannon ball in the run in the OFF photo.
The figure was first reported yesterday by ESPN.com.
Doesn’t apply to most civilians (someone is probably scratching their head on that one).
Beyond the disastrous diplomatic and economic costs, a bombing campaign is unlikely to set back Iran’s efforts for more than a few years.
2 — When a 12-year-old boy from Lexington, a small city about 200 miles west of here, began acting out and his grades fell, it took his family awhile to suspect that his sixth-grade teacher, a popular young woman who had returned to teach in her hometown, might be preying on him.
The planet punishes us as it sees fit.
Package deals from Orlando, Fla., to Athens are down about 45 percent, according to Cheaptickets.com.
I just read your prior posting about leaving ballgames early and have to tell you my favorite story on this subject.
The name of the application is Navizon (http://www.navizon.com/licenseCheck.asp). “if your cell phone is on, you can be tracked by it.” actually, even if it’s off….
Are we living in a Google World, where everything is free thanks to the advertising that can be generated by people using the Google tools?
It was my father who taught me how to garden.
The war was dumped on him.
If granted, authorization would set the stage for Hollywood’s first industrywide walkout since writers struck in 1988.
Today “Control,” a dramatic feature about the Manchester sad-core band Joy Division, will have its theatrical release, to be followed next month by Todd Haynes’s “I’m Not There,” featuring six performers all taking turns as avatars of Bob Dylan.
Frank Sinatra and Ted Williams had a few things in common — including a devotion to craft.
His 90 minutes on site was sufficient to make only two exposures, which I would guess to have been about 40 minutes apart.
They laughed at me, gossiped some more, then distanced themselves.
“Armina: She’s a very good athlete.
John Coltrane is mentioned, but relatively speaking, his importance here seems to derive from the way Steve Reich saw him play a bunch of times.
Finally, the OFF photograph shows dents in the road where the ON photograph shows cannonballs.
As a result, the Democrats say, Mr. Bush wields the veto threat over 11 spending measures when their differences would have been easily reconciled in the past.
The package was first introduced in 2001.
“The Man of My Life” is a sumptuously illustrated but shallow fable of the grass-is-greener conflict between freedom and commitment.
She grew up in a cheerless home in which her mother's time was devoted to her seriously ailing husband.
ARSENALS OF FOLLY: The Making of the Nuclear Arms Race.
Practices we would or should now deplore were commonplace — heck, the British staged Boer War and WW I “battles” outside London to get good film footage for the newly popular cinema.
(In the interest of not offending anyone who happens to be reading this over breakfast, we won’t offer specific suggestions, but you can surely conjure a horrid odor on your own.)
It jumped further ahead of longtime wine leader E.& J. Gallo Winery of Modesto, Calif., when it bought Robert Mondavi Corp. for $1.3 billion.
In the dance-with-the-men fantasia that follows, one man (face hidden by a trilby hat) does a gorgeously lazy triple pirouette that concludes with his foot still up by his knee.
Moreno ran for a career-high 188 yards and three scores, Stafford threw three touchdown passes and No. 20 Georgia upset ninth-ranked Florida, 42-30, on Saturday in a game of big plays and momentum shifts.
On his showroom walls were photos of Mr. Gidron with President Ronald Reagan, Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, Mother Teresa and Muhammad Ali.
McKenley, finishing second, came away with the silver medal and a lasting memory of Wint’s relentless footsteps gaining on him: “Boom, boom, boom,” as he later put it.
Experts have variously blamed poverty, Arab nationalism, the Internet, geopolitics, alienation, charismatic sheiks, dictatorial regimes and youthful anomie.
That drive followed a failed fourth-and-1 play by Jacksonville.
The Chinese went into the last event leading but made a mistake on floor that brought the Americans right back into contention.
I had to push two together.
This quest transcends the physical world.
Brownstein calls this “the Age of Bargaining,” and while he concedes that this era helped prevent bold decisions (like confronting racial discrimination), he clearly prefers it to the fractious world that followed.
One met the great Joseph Welch and, at the other end of the human scale, the sparsely lamented lawyer Roy Cohn.
The Democracy Now story also covered the lack of support for women who reported assault.
These city dwellers are as paralyzed by self-consciousness as the characters of Chekhov’s rural estates are, but with an energizing urban restlessness.
The evening Dick Cavett waited on Richard Nixon.
PT, like cryptonite to superman.
Skin in the Game.
They have a low-rated quarterback.
Similarly, the performances operate on a gag-by-gag basis.
The university does not intend to build more residences, said John R. Saddlemire, vice president for student affairs.
At the end of the last lecture, we were all handed envelopes as we left the conference room.
Even people who begin exercising in their 60s have their risk reduced by half.
A series of large ink drawings on canary paper embellish nautical charts with tattoolike flourishes.
What was once a 300-year-old farmhouse with a cow barn and windmill has been converted into 15 modern apartment-style rooms, a sunny common area and a romantic stone dining room.
It’s very, very specular, making me think there are no clouds at that point.
Not surprisingly, though, money can also sour relationships, as it did for years for Belle and her daughter’s birth mother, who met when Belle first adopted her daughter in Guatemala.
Eastern time on Wednesday.
The Library of Congress has a pilot program with Google to digitize some books.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
I don’t know where Chapman’s Battery lies but the British positions were to the SSE of the city which is in general agreement.
City Room is a news blog supplementing the New York/Region coverage of The Times.
But mostly he likes to hang out with Matilda— “it’s kind of like your whole body has a lump in its throat,” he said, of having to be away — and goes back as often as he can to see her.
It’s tedious work, but it helps other auditors stay organized.
The latest U.A.W. talks seemed light-years removed from those of a half-century ago when, with each round of negotiations, the mighty union would win an ever-better health plan or pension.
The Nets’ Nenad Krstic, who has been shut down while he regains his conditioning, sat out his seventh game in a row.
My mother didn’t graduate from high school.
The cost of a mission is roughly $30 million.
A spokesman for university, Jeremy Burton, said he had to refer all questions to Mr. Roberts, who did not respond to requests for an interview.
“The craftsmen are really fantastic,” said Jimmy Boyle, a Scottish sculptor and author whose roughly 10,000-square-foot home in the Palmeraie was finished last year.
“Feast of Love” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The most amazing thing about this, is that this fundraiser was not created by the campaign, or really advertised by the campaign (although Dr Paul did mention it once or twice).
It can make you hallucinate or just have a really colorful night on the town.
Worldwide, its market share is 16.1 percent, according to consulting firm Gartner Group.
The shifting mood of the rooms constantly encourages you to observe the sculptures from different, unexpected perspectives.
Vilma?
Mr. Shields’s diary may not be read — nor subjected to a word count — for 50 years by the terms under which he gave it to Washington State University in 1999.
United Rentals repeated its assertion that Cerberus had binding commitment letters from financing sources and that rejecting the offer was “unwarranted and incompatible” with the deal.
That led to a string of blow-out quarters — and blow-out paydays.
Otto Penzler, founder of the Mysterious Bookshop in New York, has selected and written a brief introduction for each contribution, giving the circumstances of first appearance and some biographical detail about the writer.
There are no signs, no landmarks, just a glimmering ocean, an empty white-sand beach and the clear blue sky.
None.
He left that game after injuring his ankle in the second quarter.
Vidal had been supposed to go on first, but hadn’t arrived.
The officials said that those lawyers gave written guidance to Mr. Rodriguez that he had the authority to destroy the tapes and that the destruction would violate no laws.
There lay true sublimity.
Glennon capped the drive with a perfect, 5-yard fade pass to Morgan.
Others say a national registry listing all sales of precursor drugs should be mandatory.
She is Quincy Tyler Bernstine, not Bernstein.
But the other more fundamental challenge is that oil and gas provide most of the world’s fuel, and displacing them in a cost-effective way presents an enormous challenge.
DURING A WARM MONTH IN 1952, the work crews clearing land for new homes in East St. Louis, Ill., were approached by a pregnant housewife from a neighboring street who asked if she might borrow some of their heavy equipment.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
McNamee spoke to Mitchell’s investigators under pressure from federal prosecutors investigating the use of steroids in baseball.
The United States outscored a hurting Russian squad by 1.825 points and also finished ahead of Romania, Spain and Korea.
In terms of politics?
The company also says the suction cups won’t pop off the base.
Sovereign and vassal?
And Johnson has done it twice: he also had three consecutive victories in the 2004 playoff, winning four of five in one stretch before finishing second to Kurt Busch for the title.
Created in 1972, exactly one century after Yellowstone, it encompasses uplands, wetlands and estuaries in three segments connected by water: Jamaica Bay, Staten Island and Sandy Hook in New Jersey.
All the way through, Downham gives Tessa the power to tell her own truth, to represent her imperfect, all-too-human self, as well as the imperfect, all-too-human selves of those around her, without regard to the opinions and values of others.
Gap, which also operates Banana Republic stores, said it cut marketing expenses by about $75 million in the quarter, as planned.
Current is now available in 41 million United States households, and 11 million more in Britain and Ireland.
And if Bush comes up in a class discussion, or the prof introduces him into a class discussion, the prof should make that distinction clear.
Art — the arts generally — are always unpredictable, maverick, and tend to be, at their best, uncomfortable.
The Big Apple Circus is at Damrosch Park, Lincoln Center, through Jan.
They support the team, and they will fill the new park when it opens in 2010.
Others are more lenient.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, was quick to point out that Mr. Schumer was not alone in waiting to make up his mind, saying, “It’s not just one senator.”
You may be getting an unwanted buzz from that morning decaf.
By the end of the film, a devastating secret has come to light, a man has been killed and the family is damaged beyond repair.
The system in London seems to work well, so there’s no reason that the MTA shouldn’t be able to implement it here.
Medical help should have been called immediately.
Maryland-Baltimore County’s Ray Barbosa got the Retrievers close when he made two 3-pointers with about two minutes left.
Don’t even think about it, I say to myself.
With its millions of dollars of high-tech communications and surveillance equipment, the cutter is designed to go far beyond traditional agency missions like drug interdiction and off-shore patrols.
Last spring, the Food and Drug Administration recalled millions of packages of pet food after finding evidence that tainted ingredients in the food, originating in China, had killed at least 16 cats and dogs and sickened thousands of other animals.
His last comments came in his interview with The Record of Hackensack, N.J., before Game 3, when he threatened to fire Torre if the Yankees lost the series.
That could make San Antonio and Morgantown the nexus of the college football universe next weekend.
Tenure decisions have been another recent issue at Columbia.
Monte Urgull, one of two hills that flank the harbor like watchtowers, offers fantastic views of Isla de Santa Clara, the wooded islet in the middle of the bay, as well as the forest canopy that rambles inland.
Last year’s ratio of 107.4 boys for every 100 girls was closer to the ratio of 105 to 100 that demographers consider normal and, according to The World Factbook, published by the Central Intelligence Agency, just above the global average of 107 boys born for every 100 girls.
He said the organization had appeared to be turning a corner under Mr. Everson, earning generally high marks for its performance during the recent California wildfires.
Porschephiles tend to see the 914 as a mutt.
Bits offers news and analysis on the technology industry throughout the day with posts about the inventors and dealmakers trying to master and profit from the digital age.
The show is rife with instances of mutual understanding, small and large, that form a shifting pattern of pain and forgiveness.
Racine galleries include Artists Gallery (312 Sixth Street; 262-635-9332; www.artistsgallery.org); Avenue Gallery and Frame (402 Main Street; 262-632-66702; www.avenuegalleryframe.com); Hot Shop Glass Studio and Gallery (239 Wisconsin Avenue; 262-833-0095; www.hotshopglass.com); Mathis Gallery Frame (328 Main Street; 262-637-1111); Monfort’s Fine Art Gallery (430 Main Street; 262-898-1513; www.monforts.net); and Racine Arts Council (505 Sixth Street; 262-635-0261; www.racineartscouncil.org).
Eastern time after it was put through a back flip to allow astronauts on the station to photograph its belly.
The Writers Guild took to the picket lines after Hollywood producers refused to increase the payments they give writers from sales of DVDs and refused to offer extra payments when many works were used in new media like the Internet or cellphone transmissions.
Singapore has also blossomed with boutique hotels.
However the Constitution does not declare a separation of mosque and state, which has allowed Islamic leaders to play a central role in defining government policy on religious matters.
Or he does these things to the extent possible while standing in the middle of a Best Buy, staring at a monitor, playing Guitar Hero III, the video game.
You didn’t state it outright, but it neatly renders the cannonballs as so many lives strewn across the path of war, detritus for future commanders to collect up and use to rile their troops to then repeat the process.
Guest Artist Stage near the corner of Second Avenue, Theater for the New City, Peculiar Works Project and P. S. 122 will each offer performances.
Under Dr. Crow’s administration, new interdisciplinary schools have been created.
If he wanted a “fair trade” certification for his coffee crop, the Brazilian farmer would have to adhere to a long list of rules on pesticides, farming techniques, recycling and other matters.
“All of the people who don’t know much about marketing and development of film, which is most people in the industry, think you have to come out in the fall to have an impact on the awards,” said Mark Gill, a former top executive at Miramax who is now chief executive of the Film Department, a new independent company.
Judge David C. Higgs, of District Court in Ramsey County, noted in his ruling that the files included a “a highly proprietary document that lists major advertisers of The Pioneer Press and contains specific custom advertising rates,” that Mr. Ridder acknowledged would be valuable to a competitor.
You shorted subprime when others were long.
In 1989, Mr. Strauss described in an Associated Press interview the effect that political change could have on someone in his line of work.
The future of the bateyes is unclear.
I find it ironic that he seems to want to censor reading lists and political beliefs, all the while claiming it’s the left who engage in thought control.
Your worries should be teaching those kids.
The system focuses especially on how well schools do helping their lowest-achieving students do better.
Left untreated, it can cause damage to the teeth and surrounding tissue, headaches and jaw pain.
They will also get over those stagy hesitations between phrases that sounded more like artificially applied interpretation than natural music making.
It’s probably also statistically true that men tend to be more involved with cars then women, but that doesn’t mean it’s not sexist and wrong when car salesmen ignore women in the showroom and talk only to the men.
You try to tell them that China isn’t a communist country anymore.
She recently heard of a father who, happening on an instant-messaging war between his child and a bunch of children on a sleepover, went over to the other house, called the other father outside, and began a fistfight that ended only after someone called the police.
Ms. Horowitz said the child, now almost 5, would stay with Ms. Johnson during the appeal.
But in the third quarter, Ford essentially broke even on its operations and said its revamping plan was on schedule.
ERROL MORRIS: Oh, this is George.
If he agreed, the researchers added a bonus of .75 Euro so that the recipient ended up gaining 2 Euros.
Maharam said statistics showed a death happens once every 50,000 to 75,000 competitors.
Such flexibility can be important when technology is evolving at such a dizzying pace.
Mr. Cousar was charged with money laundering, and was sentenced to five years’ probation.
When do you let them experience the world without you?
Five days of preschool, from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., is $12,870 a year.
But many people elsewhere in the Pacific Northwest would find it uncomfortably familiar.
And of his old friend, Kanan Makiya?
In early October, a Marine general authorized the court of inquiry, a rarely used type of formal inquisition created by the British military, to examine the civilian shootings by the marines, in a remote area of eastern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border.
Head, spine and childhood cancers are rare, though.
It is comforting to read about others suffering from migraines, as well and to open a dialogue about what to do.
Mr. Prince also vowed to improve the bank’s risk management practices.
The former executives — four from the General Re Corporation, part of Berkshire Hathaway, and one from A.I.G. — were indicted in 2006 on charges of fraud, conspiracy and lying to the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with what the government has called a scheme to inflate A.I.G.’s reserves.
And beyond the insult, such an incentive scheme is an effort to fix a structural problem on the cheap.
Most of what is on is such pernicious junk that you and your family are better off.
But the acrid smell of dust and ancient mildew was too real to be a dream.
In the case of Wharton, what has just turned up is a letter that casts new light on the vexing question of what exactly happens at the end of her 1905 novel, “The House of Mirth.”
“It’s intolerable,” Spenser muttered one morning at breakfast seeing Oakwood approach from the beach.
Strip malls line the main thoroughfares, a steady stream of traffic threads through the side roads, and palatial new homes, some topping 7,000 square feet, loom over the horizon, commanding dramatic views of the mountainside and the Hudson River below.
It’s slightly unfortunate that the peace process itself is hollow.
Don’t tell the piano teacher, but practice doesn’t really make perfect.
As far as two photographs from the same position, isn’t bracketing a common photographic practice?
Water deficits are expected to remain.
In addition, the company cut the price of its highest-capacity model by about 17 percent.
She was similarly tardy with her new health care plan, waiting to see what heat Mr. Edwards and Senator Obama took with theirs.
Ron Paul resonates, no other candidate holds true supporters.
But the nomination, which was being pushed by Senator Edward M. Kennedy, was pulled back after questions were raised about the elder Mr. Morrissey’s qualifications and character.
G. G. or no G. G., it was his.
Guild negotiators could ask their 12,000 members for strike authorization in advance of the contract’s expiration.
Mr. Dopp was among the governor’s closest aides until last summer, when the governor suspended him for his role in the case.
News of BHP's proposal comes amid a general downturn in mergers and acquisitions as banks rein in lending in response to losses on low quality U.S. mortgages.
But clashes have worsened since December, when allied Somali-Ethiopian troops kicked out Islamist fighters who had restored some order to the city, sparking a deadly insurgency.
For example, Continental’s Boeing 777, which flies to London, has business-class seats that are 22 inches wide and recline 170 degrees.
Mrs. Clinton also proposed tens of millions of additional dollars for block grants for child care programs.
Besides his wife, the former Diane Gauthey, whom he married in 1955, Mr. Jenkins is survived by four children, John, of Westfield, N.J.; Peter, of New London, Conn.; David, of Warren, Conn.; and Anne Jenkins of Rocky Point, N.Y.; and six grandchildren.
The cause was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, said his wife, Catherine.
There is a profound oddity in the position of the presidentialists like Yoo, Cheney and Addington.
Normally.
But the others. . . .
To Ling, 43, who was well-connected in political and business circles in her home district, Qingyuan, was accused of supervising currency transactions worth 4.3 billion yuan ($578 million) going back to 2005.
On Friday, hundreds of Sudanese in Khartoum, the capital, protested what they considered a lenient punishment and called for her to be put to death.
And the fact that Fenton did not have a reputation for this during the earliest period of photojournalism, before there were clear ethical rules against staging or slanting pictorial representations (indeed, at a time when most drawings in newspapers were obviously dramatic and slanted,) and when he would be less subject to public and professional criticism for doing so, lends credence to the belief that he didn’t do that here.
When the mission of the space shuttle Discovery comes to an end, Mr. Anderson — who has been living aboard the International Space Station since June — will get a ride home.
Possibly they have simply seen the word mentioned and assume that what’s unusual is good.
ALBANY, Nov.
11 attacks.
Our No. 2, the ’06 Capitello, was also Alsace-style, with flavors of apricots, nuts and flowers.
Surgeon General Leroy E. Burney, taking stock of the American prescription scene, pronounced then that “problems of daily living cannot be solved with a pill.”
That a work of the imagination has to be “really” about some problem is, again, an heir of Socialist Realism.
For the K53 is just part of the Catch-22 that faces every aspiring motorist here: To drive legally, one very sensibly needs a license.
The Lieberman-Warner legislation would cap carbon emissions at 15 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 and set up a system for polluting industries to trade emissions credits to meet the goals.
Under the proposed deal, Merrill would demolish the hotel and erect a building that would include 80,000-square-foot trading floors on the lower levels.
Ms. Cho has constructed her play with a keen sense of suspense that should not be spoiled.
I think the balls are local and the balls were moved on to the road for contrast because there is a plethora of balls in OFF.
Washington has not confirmed whether it will attempt for the second year to introduce a resolution condemning abuses by the junta.
Activists from abortion rights, gay rights, Jewish, Muslim, and African-American organizations worry that their interests will be compromised as the party courts culturally conservative white Christians.
But the politics of food have changed, and probably for good.
Last year, Dr. Yamanaka published a paper showing that he could add four genes to mouse cells and turn them into mouse embryonic stem cells.
The judge also said the business and immigrant rights groups had not shown that they faced imminent crackdowns.
Middle class America will be no more.
The two spacewalkers oohed and aahed as the familiar coastline slid by below.
Scott Birnbaum, Samsung’s top L.C.D. sales executive for the Americas, sees displays with even greater resolution than the current high definition sets.
AMERICAN PAIN FOUNDATION info@painfoundation.org; www.painfoundation.org.
The main, second-floor dining room, with its warm colors of orange and red, nimbly splits the difference between elegance and unceremonious comfort.
It took a 2 a.m. phone call from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to get him to back down.
The stock market was relieved after Bear Stearns Cos.
Since they were not among those supposedly hurled to the road for the ON photo, their absence in the OFF suggests to me that the theory of harvesting cannon balls is reasonable.
The area’s natural beauty, in addition to the highly rated Half Hollow Hills School District, has attracted many people who appreciate the ease of the commute to the city, she said.
They said any increase would not come until the second half of the fiscal year, which starts in February.
Dr. Fryer said that the focus group research showed that cellphones were the primary means of communication for many teenagers, and that reaching them through a concerted campaign of text messages or through the Internet was far more likely to be effective than a traditional billboard and television campaign.
No one has mentioned anything about the university hiring process (which is very different from business hiring.
The crowd — an eclectic and energetic mix of young and old, conservative and eccentric — hooted and clapped.
Trevor Brazile, a 30-year-old roper, has won more than $62,000 here despite competing with a herniated disk that is pressing against the nerves in his back.
The sports bra maker Enell even offers a $75 support vest for men with excess upper body fat.
Some kids each generation escape this trap — look at Colin Powell and Deval Patrick — but it’s almost as if the handful of successful escapees are used to justify the not even benign neglect of the poor of this country, who far too many of are black.
Saturday night ended early.
I am a part-time Chinese teacher who teaches Chinese to adopted Chinese children and some American children every Saturdays.
The masses of jewelry, the outsize sunglasses, the whole noisy, ’70s-inspired look add up to a hectic, ostentatious, theatrical sort of glamour.
When he was confronted by the media storm, he was like a raccoon in the headlights, (knowing he and Bernard were culpable but also a media target).
See, for example, Shinn’s extraordinarily luminous paintings of theatrical productions.
Mr. Blankfein has held a fund-raiser for Mrs. Clinton in his apartment and has come out publicly in her favor.
PRICE RANGE Small dishes, starters and sides, $6 to $9; main courses, $10 to $24; desserts, $7.
Perfect casting for a timeless confrontation.
Founded in Philadelphia in 1818, Brown Brothers was once one of the biggest names in finance.
“It’s important to be mindful that the so-called ‘new information’ with which Mr. Prieto has come forward was available at the time of Michael Clancy’s trial, but Mr. Prieto refused to cooperate,” said Steven Reed, the Bronx district attorney’s spokesman.
The Columbia speech brought him derision in many Western circles, but it apparently delighted audiences back in his country, who have come to depend on the Iranian leader to deliver his fiery anti-American sentiments.
By the time dinner’s over, I’ve generally had enough.
Polls show Huckabee bolting from the back of the pack into a lead in Iowa.
For the year to date, Macy's reported earnings of $143 million, or 31 cents per share, compared with earnings of $262 million, or 47 cents a share for the same period in 2006.
He was responding to a daily antiterrorism bulletin by asking that it be sent to another e-mail address.
To ease traffic during the most congested hours of the day, the authority also proposes that drivers with E-ZPass pay $6 during off-peak hours.
Second, for all of those who wasted some of their precious time writing in to tell the rest of us what a tremendous waste of time and space this exercise has been, please go back to your New York Times crossword puzzles … or, alternately, spend a half-hour on a few pages of Sudoku.
The development plan, though, met with loud resistance from preservationists, who had tried, unsuccessfully, to save the original buildings from the wrecking ball.
In fact, it IS a difficult question, and I think reasonable people can disagree.
Translated by Anne Born.
It is time-consuming to put on, and I am usually in a hurry; the gowns are a garish yellow, and I am vain; the disposable garments leave a trail of litter, and I like trees.
Two in particular, (near the position where there is a new rock in the ON photo) are half buried in craters (like they landed there and partially embedded).
Obviously, the camera is facing the afternoon sun.
Yet the cars look and feel distinct.
“There is a certain amount of fear in my pieces,” Navarro says, navigating through his studio located deep in the industrial bowels of Bushwick.
Much like light that comes through glass, he said, “it may leave plants leggy, that is, the units between the leaves are longer,” because there is not quite enough of the light to do what it would normally do.
It has been negotiating with the sole bidder for the work, a joint venture of Skanska USA, J. F. Shea Company and Schiavone Construction.
The academy barber never recovered from the shock.
OTOH, if they were on the road in photo one and were rolled off into the gully that would also be evident.
The straps held, taking the strain off of the material around the holes, which allowed the damaged array to be fully extended.
In August he began using optical scanning technology to copy decisions that have been generally available only on paper in law libraries or via subscription from the Thomson West unit of the Canadian publishing conglomerate Thomson and from LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier, based in London.
He started snorting cocaine soon after he arrived in Spain, several of his brothers said.
Transaction records filed last week show that Ronald L. Sargent, the chairman and chief executive of Staples, the $15 billion international office supply company, paid $5.8 million for a 1,212-square-foot one-bedroom apartment, with a 22-foot-wide living room and windows overlooking Central Park.
In the three years that St. Martin’s has been moving into its new space — a new cloister garden was dedicated this year — the congregation has swelled by almost 2,000 members.
To make a long story short this child was being taught this information at her church in the evenings by someone brought in to raise awareness.
Snow coaches to the Old Faithful Snow Lodge (307-344-7311; www.travelyellowstone.com) are provided (reservations required) by Xanterra, the lodge’s operating company, for about $125 round trip, not including the park entry fee of $10.
Apparently less gregarious, at least in terms of other members of the city’s culinary set: Bobby Flay.
As if to taunt all the voyeurs crying crocodile tears for her children, she delivers almost nothing but slithery come-ons and defiant invitations to nightclub decadence.
And I would have preferred dying to going on, but hadn’t the choice.
As she placed it in her notebook, she stared at the old photograph of the garden, fascinated.
If all of Millbrook’s nominees were to be elected, Mr. Dan would lose his seat on the Brink’s board.
Something musical.
I have been experiencing migraines for as long as I can remember (now 59-years old).
Kim Klein traveled to Panama Monday morning and spoke with authorities about the possible whereabouts of the aircraft.
Of course, the grooming machines had flattened much of the good snow, but off to the side of a mellow trail served by a T-bar was a vast field of untouched powder, laid on several feet thick over bushes and flowing off into the distance, to uncharted valleys.
We have a natural tendency to nibble away at the great figures of the past; to dig through their lives for flaws, mistakes, and weaknesses; to judge them severely by the standards and beliefs of the present, rather than those that prevailed when they were alive.
“Talk about your jaw dropping,” he said.
On the third weekend of May, there’s Maifest, which focuses on dancing, parades and crafts.
There’s trying to find the index in Vanity Fair.
The soldiers, Specialist Alex R. Jimenez and Pvt. Byron W. Fouty, were captured along with a third soldier, after an attack on their patrol south of Baghdad.
In June, as part of a peace agreement with the Colombian government, a former militia leader, Pablo Quintero, accused the local government of involvement in the journalist’s death, according to a statement by the Foundation for Press Freedom.
Linnaeus has been variously called the Prince of Botanists, the Pliny of the North (after the natural historian of antiquity) and the Second Adam.
In his 1971 book “They Call It a Game,” Bernie Parrish recounted a heated N.F.L. Players Association meeting before the 1970 season.
Ian McShane (“Deadwood”) and Eve Best (“A Moon for the Misbegotten”) star in this Broadway revival of what is arguably Harold Pinter’s finest play.
It has defended its decision not to disclose the loss until Tuesday, 10 days after it had been informed, saying banks had asked for time to put heightened security measures in place first.
This is how desperate Hilary’s opponents seem: trying to turn a smart and fairly incisive answer to a loaded rhetorical question into a non-answer.
In a working-class section of Sheepshead Bay, prosecutors said, four young men conspired to rob a gay man of money or drugs.
Looking at the numbers, it’s hard not to conclude that race was a factor in this year’s admissions decisions.
They are also seeking to portray her journey to become president as being as inspiring as his.
The radar is huge, almost twice the size of a similar American system.
17 in The Cochrane Reviews, did find that the procedure might be associated with an increase in Caesarean sections and a reduced risk of a lower reading on the Apgar scale, which rates the baby’s condition at birth.
The White House said President Bush would sign legislation approved by Congress to extend the ban for seven more years.
I suffered horrible migraines as a child and young adult.
4, when he was sidelined with a right hip-flexor injury.
Chris Dey, the Islanders’ senior vice president for sales, marketing and operations, greeted the eight men and one woman who run the popular online message board Islandermania.
Patton’s on Main shows the cosmopolitan flair that its owner, a local fellow named Patton Robertson, picked up during years of learning and cooking in London and Las Vegas.
The Rangers came into the game tied for the fewest goals allowed in the league, but they had also scored the fewest.
I must say, I’m intrigued.
Maybe he’d like to run for President—give us some much needed humor and erudtion. ….If we can’t get all the way back to Groucho, can we at least get in just up to our knees - ?
I’m resting easier too!
Bookstores are especially popular for self-promotion and religious types of shopdropping.
As a result, patients miss out on therapies that could help them feel better and possibly live longer.
While some of your shows are available on DVD, thereby instantly transporting me to my teenage-hood, when I frequently stayed up watching you instead of sleeping (and thus fell asleep every day in Geometry), not enough of the shows are available on DVD.
A day after the march into Mr. Trees’s classroom, a group of students came into Ms. McGuire’s office to discuss further ways to protest the teacher’s dismissal.
Mr. Osbourne had been shot multiple times in the torso and once in the head, the police said.
Groups of demonstrators later converged on the palace of Malaysia's king, where opposition leaders handed over a list of election reform demands.
I agree with Bruce that the process everyone went through was more fascinating than the original question!
Also a comparison of the two landscapes shows that in the OFF photograph a number of rocks have been displaced along the footpath.
Kids, avoid conflict and always treat people the way you want to be treated.
My extra costs were more than $700.
I prefer politicians who DO see the nuance of an issue, and who take the time to articulate their position based on their beliefs and the knowledge they possess.
And in the end, Mr. Edwards concluded that Mr. Kerry lacked fight for not filing a legal challenge to the election results.
While not a huge fan of the Chicago style (I prefer the plaintive blues of the Mississippi Delta), I had to explore — after all, it was completely free.
There’s some awful stuff and some great, even educational, stuff for kids and families to watch, on places like the discovery and history channels and yes, some innocuous shows on Nick Jr., the Disney Channel, etc.
For example, that is how Clyde Tombaugh discovered Pluto.
Alex Rodriguez let his agent opt out for him, right during the World Series.
The fighting intensified on Sunday.
Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, has said his views have evolved on abortion and gay rights, among other issues.
She was adopted in 1996 from Wuhu, Anhui, China.
Playing the mother hen — Reid’s self-description of his managing style — in a city known for its Chicken Little football fans is a demanding role, and it cut into the time he was used to carving out for his family.
And when my high heels caught up with Love’s brown boots, I aimed to pummel it into submission.
The culmination of her efforts occurs this week in Annapolis, Md., as Mr. Bush, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian president, meet to set the outlines of a final peace agreement before the end of Mr. Bush’s term.
All but two members of the 12-person committee voted to approve the plan.
30 — In the movie musical “Dreamgirls” last year, James “Thunder” Early, Eddie Murphy’s soul-singing, chain-smoking character, was so infuriated by a fumbled food order that he mashed his cigarette into a chicken sandwich that was supposed to have no mayonnaise.
Japan, which has the longest life expectancy among major nations, has obesity rates of about 3 percent.
One television commercial showed a truck cruising on a country road with dollar bills fluttering off its flatbed, with the tagline “Georgia’s newest cash crop.”
The scientists said that it was getting colder because there was a hole in the Ozone and all the warm air was escaping thought it, and that was beyond any scientific doubt.
This article is accurate as long as “authentic” is understood to mean “conservative and (more importantly) white” — which seems to be the standard definition in writing on the “culture wars”.
Many people also seem to mistake democratic results with results that must therefore be respected, such as the electoral victory of Hamas.
Light, a man ahead of his time, built the city inland from the sea to allow space for wide avenues and more firm ground for Adelaide’s gorgeous kaleidoscope of stone colonial buildings whose elaborate outdoor iron railings bring to mind New Orleans.
It then reverses course and thins out, losing neurons as the brain matures through adolescence.
By the time he reached the end zone, fans had already stood to leave.
Only one of the windows — in the office-study — opens, so Mr. Adjaye devised a ventilation system with a series of doors, barely visible when closed, that can be opened to let in fresh air.
The Roundabout Theater’s revival of “Pygmalion,” which opens Oct.
Viacom’s film studio, Paramount Pictures, also turned in a strong performance in the quarter, which ended Sept.
In three seasons as a starter under Coughlin, Barber lost four fumbles on 1,006 carries.
Small stores dot the city; for variety, depth and the cheerful disorganization, try Antikvariats del Arte (Krisjana Barona 16/18; 371-2948-1568).
His father flashed a “well done, son” expression.
Also, there’s a couple of rocks in the lower left hand corner one of which is only partially visible and the other of which is completely missing in the second picture; the partially visible one seems to be half-covered by dirt.
He saw Bonnie on the wet rocks, stretched on her stomach, photographing something: her little dollhouse.
Rival Boeing believes passengers want point-to-point trips between smaller airports and is targeting that market with midsized jets.
Maybe he rejected it because of the way the Yankees treated him for the week after the team lost the division series, forcing him to wait to learn his future.
Mr. Hyde’s role in the impeachment of President Clinton surprised many Democrats because he had originally dismissed the president’s affair with Monica Lewinsky.
And the program tracks a sword being made today, still with the ancient methods: it takes 15 people nearly half a year to produce one.
Mrs. Ostrowicz felt herself withering in surroundings that many on earth would consider ideal.
They have laundry services.
I’ve since found, however, that putting this into practice is more difficult than it seems.
There were strong undercurrents for separation from the federation of Pakistan in the province of Baluchistan and North West Frontier Province as well, he said.
Each relative gave a lecture.
If this sounds like a Sergio Leone film, it is, kind of, sort of, if not as beautiful, pleasurable or profound.
When a large percentage of a population no longer thinks for itself and blindly follows people with dangerous agendas bad things happen.
Shopping the entire Alley requires popping into and out of your car, but there are plenty of places to park.
21 aboard the Soyuz that brought them to the station in April.
It almost made me cry.
“Profit participations are negotiated between a willing buyer and a willing seller,” said Steven Blume, chief operating officer of Content Partners, a Los Angeles company that buys participations in return for cash.
Mrs. Hanover was impressed with an 86th Street apartment, beautiful but small, with a wall of glass bricks that brought light into a windowless room.
Bush was preparing to make a statement on sanctions against Myanmar, also known as Burma, at 1:50 p.m.
Each year, millions of tourists flock there to bathe in the summer or watch winter migrating birds stopping to feed in the muddy flats teeming with clams.
An umbrella group of European consumer organizations, BEUC, complained to the commission as early as July that a takeover of DoubleClick would damage privacy rights and limit Internet content.
An example–when my daughter was in 4th grade, we moved to a new city.
Acute exposure to lead, by chewing on a lead toy, for example, or repetitive exposure to lead by handling toys that contain it, can lead to severe neurological and behavioral problems.
No one noticed them, let alone posed them.
Bon Appétit, the food and entertaining magazine published by Condé Nast, hired the well-known restaurant and theater designer David Rockwell to transform the former site of a Hard Rock Cafe, at 221 West 57th Street, into the Bon Appétit Supper Club & Café.
Also, I have removed the ability for people to “Add me as friend.”
I’m not referring to quality, influences or amount; but the fact that at time of their lives when the need to be most empowered, we don’t allow it.
The number of foreign students in American institutions of higher education, from community college to graduate school, increased 3 percent over the previous school year, to 582,984, the report found.
If that’s the case, we might just happen to live somewhere in the middle of it, with manifestations of both good and evil.
Jewish leaders have long sought to focus attention on the killings of Armenians, starting with the American ambassador to Turkey in 1915, Henry Morgenthau Sr., who wrote in a cable that the Turkish violence against Armenians was “an effort to exterminate the race.”
Call it a tale of two investment banks.
Do the Yankees want to begin each season competing for a World Series championship and declaring the season a bust if they don’t reach it?
Occasionally they come together perfectly; he reserves high praise for people who blended intellectual rigor, humanitarianism and evangelical zeal.
About 450 miles from our front door, something a lot closer to home crossed my mind.
Eventually, the taxi driver and his wife did.
As weapons become more destructive, one person’s religious conviction may lead to the deaths of millions.
Imus is a national treasure, and though his comments are hit or miss, sometimes extremely ON, sometimes not, I welcome him back and look forward to his voice being heard in the metropolitan Washington DC area agsin, soon.
The best part, however, may be the rashoosh, a thin, medium pizza-size bread made in a tandoor oven in the back and served hot.
The reason was not technical but artistic: “I just feel it,” he said.
After giving up 58 first-half points in Seattle in their opener on Thursday night, the Suns were even worse, and this time the lousy defense lasted the whole game.
Ethanol proponents say a new energy law is virtually inevitable at some point, and that even if it does not pass this year, lower ethanol prices will provide an incentive for refiners to blend more ethanol into expensive gasoline.
Still others question whether E.T.F.’s are the best way to invest abroad.
My understanding is that there were differences.
Such accessories “make the room look warm and accessible,” said Mitchell Gold, whose company, Mitchell Gold & Bob Williams, known for its understated upholstered furniture, introduced mirrored glass vases, crystal spheres and sculptural objects in polished nickel.
We can’t stop that from happening.
On the other hand Morris’s intent attempt to reproduce Fenton’s state of mind (Fenton being now quite inanimate) displays and expresses the powerful variegated states of mind generated in him by certain photographs and the act of perceiving them, and illustrates what Ruskin might consider the highest degree of authenticity, a kind of divine madness, perception of the highest order.
It was the third in three innings for the Yankees.
MARIST 64, RICHMOND 62 Ben Farmer scored 14 points to help Marist (3-3) rally from a 17-point second-half deficit and beat visiting Richmond (3-4).
Average SAT scores of incoming students are rising, and the school has begun to turn some applicants away.
“The authorities have used weapons against the peaceful demonstrators, and therefore the authorities will get what they deserve from the people,” said Kakha Kukava, an opposition member of Parliament, according to the Interfax news agency, hours before the emergency order was issued.
For years, doctors have warned men having trouble conceiving to stay away from hot baths and whirlpool tubs.
On the Upper West Side, when scaffolding went up around the sidewalk cafe in front of the Ocean Grill this year, the restaurant’s owner, Stephen Hanson, wasn’t about to let the lure and luster of those seats be dimmed.
Is American music Aaron Copland with wide-open spaces and Farmer Brown singing the pentatonic scale?
On one hand, a proposal to abolish what is arguably the single most influential criterion for admission to college sounds pretty radical.
They do not chaptalize, they use only the natural yeasts on the grapes rather than specialized yeasts that emphasize particular flavors and aromas, and they use very little sulfur as a stabilizer.
On the play, the junior wide receiver Deon Butler bumped his way past cornerback Arkeith Brown inside the 5 and dived into the left end zone to catch a lofted pass from quarterback Anthony Morelli.
The no-holds barred development of export industries along the coast, at the expense of the interior, is boosting income inequality to levels rarely seen outside of Africa.
Gary Shteyngart, the author of "Absurdistan"; Jennifer Schuessler on lost books.
It also ruined his life: by the end of the second chapter, he has let Faulques know he intends to kill him.
As I take this break to read the Times, my 20-month-old son is napping, and my five-year-old is at school.
I would love to see the day when the first response to any child’s troubles is not to blame the parents, but it isn’t likely to occur in my lifetime.
Therefore if ON is the second photo, the majority of the large, intact missing balls in OFF should likely be from the most exposed (unearthed) balls near the right of the gulley in OFF (unless shot was more easily taken from other areas not clearly seen on the photos).
Didn’t Cavett use the “fold it five ways and stick it where the moon don’t shine” line the first time on an earlier show?
Among the fashionable new products were so-called affordability loans, like adjustable-rate mortgages (or A.R.M.’s), interest-only loans and reduced documentation mortgages.
Not even the loss of sight in his right eye.
Along with holding the top job in North America, Mr. Press had become the first American to join the Toyota board.
GREAT NECK, N.Y. — A high school social studies class was studying the federal government’s response to Hurricane Katrina on a recent afternoon, without any readings, lessons or even desks.
Before you can get bored of the restaurant, it will close for a few days, then unveil a new décor, new server uniforms and a tweaked name on the awning, no matter how expensive the overhauls, no matter how thoroughly they addle the staff.
A few remarked about not wearing wires, or carrying videotapes.
If Bush gave a damn for the troops he’d care that they’ve been stuck out there without seeing their families, without decent equipment, for YEARS so that he can save face.
“We will add more oil if we know oil will go to the refineries, but we won’t add if they go to commercial stocks,” Mr. Badri said, referring to longer-term inventories of oil.
On the Republican side, in contrast, Mr. Giuliani is viewed favorably most frequently, and that is by only 41 percent.
“They are here,” he said with a glint in his eyes.
A good place to find companies selling uncertified drug ingredients is Changzhou in the Yangtze delta, where the raw materials for chemical production are readily available and easily transported by canals and roads.
It was only 12 months ago that he had to persuade his venture backers not to close down the company.
But most workplaces ignore the holiday, leaving employees with school-age children the choice of burning a vacation day on the second Monday in October or hiring somebody to mind the kids.
With his older brothers in the military, he took over management of the restaurant.
But when it comes to economics, it’s the award itself that sometimes comes in for sneers; even a couple of its winners have suggested it be abolished.
So not only was Exner the author of Chrysler’s new design direction, but he was also directly responsible for a new direction in G.M. design, and indirectly, at Ford.
If I could choose anyone’s eloquence to possess, it would be yours Mr. Cavett.
But I am grateful for all of the (polite) responses from all sides.
He said the video leaves out the two cascades that actually are on U.S. territory, the American Falls and Bridal Veil Falls.
The trip takes about one hour, depending on traffic.
At least that’s my opinion.
Oklahoma dropped from No. 3 to No. 10 after losing 34-27 Saturday night at unranked Texas Tech.
But it did not officially open, so this new production, directed by Evan Yionoulis and starring a spellbinding LisaGay Hamilton (formerly of “The Practice”), marks its official New York premiere.
The stairs might accomodate 1500 Americans, but not one of them will be in a wheelchair.
After a fly out to the warning track, Holliday smashed a ball down the third-base line.
The Burton Family Football Complex and the Mark R. Shenkman Training Center, which cost a combined $50 million, opened in the summer of 2006.
Being a naturalized immigrant, I feel as passionately patriotic as our soldiers fighting our just wars.
Daryl, 59 and with a left forefinger burnt orange by tobacco, was July’s resident of the month.
That is an absolute.
What’s the underlying message?
Here’s an example of the sort of thing that makes you wonder: yesterday ABC News reported on its Web site that the Clinton campaign is holding a “Rural Americans for Hillary” lunch and campaign briefing — at the offices of the Troutman Sanders Public Affairs Group, which lobbies for the agribusiness and biotech giant Monsanto.
Can democracy solve climate change?
And, despite stories from friends who as summer people had been treated poorly by locals, Mr. Behrooz defended his adopted community.
The men, spinning on point and jumping onto their knees with as much spring as if they had landed on the soles of their feet, produced sparks, quite literally, in “Khevsuruli,” an exhilarating contest of swordplay.
There never has been a culturally idyllic time for girlhood, and there never will be.
(I told them I’d won an Oscar.)
Thinking I was about to do this, might walk up/down along the hills, on either side, and pick up some and toss them.
As Sami and Taygen rode the carousel together, Ms. Duckett peppered Ms. Napier with questions.
Think of any classic nightmare in which you can see something awful happening but are somehow unable to intervene.
All of you.
Even if we allow for its flaws as #19 ably details them, I’m not sure that the average American would endorse that definition.
In the last three years, prices have risen so much that agents and locals here say even areas with land mines have doubled or tripled in value.
For months, China’s top quality inspection agency — the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine — has insisted that the same percentage of the country’s exports met quality standards and are safe.
She had not paid it much attention until a relative mentioned a couple years ago that the album might be worth a lot of money.
My husband and I had been invited to have dinner with Mr. Sinatra after a performance he gave at the Sands Hotel in Atlantic City, NJ.
But Randall S. Kroszner, who will vote at the bank’s policy meeting on Dec.
“The Tex-Mex Cookbook” by Robb Walsh.
Jack Raslowsky, the superintendent in Hoboken, said that more than three-quarters of the 2,600 students there were eligible for free or reduced-rate lunches.
Leopard was a massive pain in the butt to install and included a long call to Apple Care.
In its first weekend “Gone Baby Gone” (Miramax), the drama about a vanished child that is the directorial debut of Ben Affleck, came in at No. 5 with $6 million.
And the savings rate fell in November to its lowest level in half a century, except for the month of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Rangers defenseman Michal Rozsival, who has seven goals in 21 games this season, sat out with an undisclosed injury.
The answer seems to be that any reader who might want to do so must be a bit of a klutz.
For example, the law schools at the University of New Mexico and CUNY have for many years required students to participate in clinical programs, in which law students represent real clients under the supervision of professors who are practicing lawyers.
PARKING Alternate-side and parking meter regulations suspended.
Collins entered the game late in the first quarter and caused instant havoc, collecting four steals, a blocked shot and three free throws in 10 minutes.
He had not had much time to enjoy his manly name.
There’s another stirringly melodramatic Chicago import in town that also begins with a mysterious death before exploring the wildly dysfunctional world that gave rise to the tragedy.
I loved this!!!
I recall using my lunch break to run home (2 blocks) to play as much of Sinatra’s newest album as I could and still be back to work on time.
Political oportunism makes me sick.
I was moved and touched by your words.
I know that this rant has also become a cliche, so I won’t dither any longer.
In short, these books neither trivialize their subject nor demonize those who have a different view of it, which is more than can be said for the efforts of those fashionable atheist writers whose major form of argument would seem to be ridicule.
After buying a stake in Maserati in the 1980s, Chrysler cut a deal for Maserati to assemble the TC in Milan.
HOW DRY WE ARE One of the consequences of global warming for the United States, climatologists warn, will be prolonged droughts.
MBIA insists that the C.D.O.’s it guaranteed are the least likely to default and that it has enough capital to cover its obligations.
They sometimes teamed up for joint shows and established Castelli-Sonnabend Films and Tapes to accommodate artists interested in new media.
While the report is considered less important than the Labor Department’s measure of job growth, which will be released on Friday, the strong number took many market watchers by surprise.
Trust, of course, is also an element of the relationship between a gallery and its customers.
Dr. Fryer said the program would begin in January and involve 10,000 to 15,000 students at four city charter schools run by the Knowledge Is Power Program and 20 schools run by New Visions for Public Schools, a nonprofit group.
In the past, Mr. Gupta and InfoUSA said the jet, condos, stadium box and American Princess were for entertaining clients.
For any given reader, however dedicated he might be, such total abstention necessarily holds true for virtually everything that has been published, and thus in fact this constitutes our primary way of relating to books.
The result is far fewer qualms among consumers about paying premium prices: $30 for an iPhone case, $200 for an iPod Nano or $1,200 for a computer.
And even if my homemade concoction — which I started calling a cordial in my head because I liked the quaint sound of it — wasn’t quite ready, I could always keep it for 33 days longer and drink it myself.
REDMOND, Wash., Oct.
Dr. Johnson teaches environmental philosophy, which he said considers issues like consumerism and its relationship to happiness.
And how blind he is to that reality.
INDUSTRY analysts say that over the years, both companies have also plowed several million more dollars into political initiatives that helped pass lottery bills.
6.
When you figure that out, please share it with Wisconsin.
Doug Mirabelli, a backup catcher, said that it would be a lie to describe the 2004 Red Sox as confident before Game 4 against the Yankees, but that they were focused.
Instead, I think what’s behind some fans’ allergic response is that the WRX no longer looks anything like a WRX, or much like a Subaru.
Not surprisingly, there was popular sentiment for a re-creation of Fenway, wall and all, a proposal that made me wonder why these people were so determined to flagellate themselves for another 100 years.
Sony Corp.'s gaming unit, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc., said prices for the development package for the PlayStation 3 will be reduced to $10,250 in North America, 950,000 yen ($8,600) in Japan and 7,500 euros ($11,250) in Europe.
Surprisingly, teenagers from single-parent households are more likely to have started a blog than teenagers living with married parents; those in lower-income houses are more likely to blog than those in families with higher-income brackets.
When he entered the room, one chair was empty: the secretary of state’s.
The drive should have been over.
He had imagined Leonardo DiCaprio as Mr. McCandless and Marlon Brando as Ronald Franz, a retired Army man and widower whom Mr. McCandless befriended shortly before leaving for Alaska.
These are the foods I eliminate: all breads etc containing yeast, chocolate, all alcoholic drinks and especially beer, milk (but not yogurt and fetta cheese), all processed food including fruit juices.
I may not be phrasing this very well.
From 1971 to 1997, New York City banned disposals, also called garbage grinders, which shred organic waste as it is funneled down the sink drain.
A new kind of philanthropic travel lets wealthy vacationers do good works while still enjoying plush hotel suites and fine restaurants.
I adore her, and I do my best.
But they are worried that economic sanctions could include disrupting the supply of electricity, which could cause major problems in an economy that already is one of Europe’s poorest.
Mrs. Palmieri: Maybe not!
"What?
SERVICE INCLUDED: Four-Star Secrets of an Eavesdropping Waiter.
Unless a church is a destination, it can be overlooked.
I loved him from the minute I saw his photos.
One possible explanation for the height-income correlation is that height breeds self-esteem from the teenage years onward; another is that tall people were, on average, better nourished as infants and so tote around a few extra I.Q. points in their craniums.
Q: What do we need to be doing to make sure that troops have the access they need to effective services, and that they use them?
Mr. Musk, now 36, then began SpaceX.
Wiley’s football program, which had five national champion teams, disbanded in 1969.
Little, however, was left to the imagination.
But I couldn’t stop believing.
And the terrorist attacks in 2001 were a potent reminder that there is no possibility of insulating this country from the rest of the world.
13 on NBC, potentially leading to empty seats where there should be Hollywood royalty.
David Miller, the mayor of Toronto, wants Canada’s federal government to share some of its national sales tax with cities.
(This was well before that show.)
Those affected include six people in New Jersey, eight people in New York, and eight people in Pennsylvania, the agency said.
And what should Mr. O’Reilly tell Al Sharpton tomorrow night when they appear together on Fox News?
These girls live in communities where people have little power and little autonomy so the idea that they can have control over their lives - starting with staying in school, not getting pregnant, and most importantly moving out of their neighborhood after high school to start on the ladder on economic stability is about as believable as the idea they could land on the moon.
Mrs. Clinton was briefly interrupted when a man in the audience stood up and shouted, asking her about her vote on Iraq before the war.
Dr. Bracewell joined Stanford in 1955 and became a professor emeritus of electrical engineering there in the 1991.
Dr. Parazynski will either unsnag or cut a wire that appears to have hung up on a hinge of a solar panel, putting two tears in a left-side solar array.
The neighborhood fills a pocket south of Garden City, east of Franklin Square, west of Hempstead Village and, beyond Hempstead Lake State Park, north of Rockville Centre and Malverne.
And yes, hair and appearance, and a man’s background, were of paramount importance.
Nearby is a cold-storage facility leased to Sysco, a giant food-distribution corporation, and beside it is a warehouse serving a local contractor and another food service company.
The proper distinction, and one that should be explained by a good teacher of history, is that between political history and cultural history, i.e., who were George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, and what was it like to live in colonial America?
The second point is linked with the first.
In the tropics, the surface waters are too warm and nutrient-depleted, and the few known kelp forests are considered leftovers from colder times.
He was Maurice Noble — not Michael Maltese, one of Mr. Jones’s regular writers.
The company has not returned calls since the accident, and Ms. Moreno said no one from City Wide had called her to express condolences.
Mr. Icahn, BEA’s largest shareholder, said Friday that the company should put itself up for auction.
Car manufacturers live by the rules of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
“If it gets warmer, a large part of southern Greenland could be like this,” Mr. Hoeg said, walking through Qanasiassat, a boat ride from Narsarsuaq, a tiny southern community notable mostly for having an international airport.
Their term agreement is air tight.
The school version taps into an ever-expanding universe of data about standardized testing and school operations to establish a system of accountability.
The museum is open Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m.
It’s worth recalling that the Prado was never meant to be encyclopedic like the Metropolitan or the Louvre.
If you see in the distance, the road has several cannonballs in it in both shots.
Supporters of transgenic tree research say that because of the long time it takes to grow trees, conventional breeding is difficult.
The producers declared, repeatedly, that the stagehands’ contract was filled with so many inefficiencies that elemental fairness cried out for overhauling it.
I was up late last night toying with this baby.
It boggles the mind that these things work, truly!
No question, Steve Bolger, that’s what people want, “smooth management”, as long as it is genuine.
My best friend described it to me as a great bout of the sort she and I dreamed of, given our families-one in which wit was not met with blows.
Maybe it´s not so bad for this big “line” between parents and the world of kids to go away?
Awaiting part 3!
''They were told that they're being detained under the ISA,'' lawyer N. Surendran said, referring to the Internal Security Act, a law that has occasionally been used by the government to detain suspects regarded as threats to national security.
Dash’s outgoing information is sent over a cellular data network, which is also used to receive things like minor software updates and traffic alerts.
There are about 169,000 American troops in Iraq — that includes 20 combat brigades, a number that is to drop to 15 under the new plan — as well as a roughly equivalent number of support forces.
No one seemed more eager to get the season started than Curry.
I’m no so sure that the Congo situation is so “clearly” solvable, though; it sounds like a pretty tough, long-standing problem.
There were lights to check and costumes to spiff up.
During a tour of the school, there were several moments of upheaval.
This is the language of Lama Hourani, a young Jordanian jewelry designer.
So far, the Sox have been pitching nearly lights out with a team ERA of 1.00 in two games so far. (the Rockies? 8.47).
Kansas pulled to 10 points behind after a 10-yard Reesing touchdown pass with 8:28 left in the game, but the Tigers scored on another field goal by Wolfert.
2 Approximate 44 degrees north latitude.
Outside, the new three upper stories are definitely of-the-moment, with floor-to-ceiling glass and some interesting detailing, including a brise-soleil — which Mr. Platt described as a louvered shading device — over the top-floor balcony, and rose-colored tempered-glass balustrades running around the balconies, which are set back from the street facade.
Running time: 158 minutes.
At the restyled Fiamma in SoHo, Fabio Trabocchi joins the challenge in an original fashion.
Since he confessed, Mr. Lawson’s job responsibilities have grown, although he has not received a raise.
So as Mr. Powell traveled from fruitless meetings with Ariel Sharon, then the prime minister, in Jerusalem and Mr. Arafat in Ramallah, Ms. Rice was constantly on the telephone admonishing Mr. Powell to slow down to avoid putting too much pressure on Mr. Sharon, Mr. Powell recalled.
This is a woman who should never have been allowed to travel thousands of miles by herself.
Still, the White House press secretary, Dana M. Perino, said Friday that Mr. Bush was pleased with the outcome of his meeting with the foreign minister, Yang Jeichi.
However, revenue growth at its consumer lending business in the Middle East, Hong Kong and China more than offset the losses at the American unit, resulting in an increase of third-quarter profit, the company said, without giving any figures.
The so-called central tendency forecast is an amalgam of all the individual estimates.
Ray Dowd, a lawyer representing heirs of Fritz Grünbaum, a Viennese art collector, said he had demanded that Mr. Lauder hand over “I Love Antitheses,” a color drawing by Schiele, to the family and three Schiele works that had been displayed at the Neue Galerie.
It was good to see the verb smoosh finally made it: “squash, crush or flatten”; though the Americanism tonsil tennis, “passionate kissing,” might have shocked Sir James Murray.
Chazz Palminteri performs 18 characters from that borough in his semiautobiographical solo show.
Meditations was written in French — the first “scholarly” treatise in centuries not written in Latin.
He continued to work with traditional ballet companies throughout his career.
He is in custody, but please wait until the all-clear.”
Ford has been struggling with domestic market share declines.
“You can’t separate the problems in the banking sector from the underlying economy,” he said.
Being patient is always difficult and always prudent.
Well, Terry Tate, the “office linebacker,” must still wear Reebok, yes?
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
And it should reject a pending nominee to the Federal Election Commission, Hans von Spakovsky.
Money is why, said Marc Cohen, who has known Mr. O’Horgan for years, found the apartment in the early 1970s and lived there on and off, as a lover, then as a friend and recently as a nearly full-time caretaker.
I freely admit that I, too, eagerly (even impatiently) awaited Part 3.
Mr. McGurk, for one, said he could imagine, in limited circumstances, using some deeper testing even in decisions that contribute to a film’s birth.
“Brooklyn, depending on where and when, does seem to be underserved,” he said.
It is this one specific discrepancy that forces me to conclude that Fenton did indeed stage the ‘ON’ photograph.
Curiosity was present from the beginning as all forms of conduct or attitudes, therefore, initially with no thought in mind to desobey, curiosity got the best of him and decided with Eve’s permission, to inspect each other physical ‘assets’ and the realization that …’here, looking at Eve’s ‘assets’, this -looking at his own assets - might might well fit… so in a sort of playful, casual way and with mutual consent or agreement they discovered each other.
Nowadays, though, a public educated by “C.S.I.” expects sexy scientists working in sleek crime labs with cool equipment.
“The trilogy of hell,” Mr. Jones quipped.
On Thursday, the Cowboys will play host to the Jets, and the Packers will visit Detroit.
Most police, prison guards, or security personnel do not get selected for their jobs on the basis of their overweening compassion for their fellow man or their understanding of mental diseases (or, for that matter, of criminal behavior).
They take orders all day, and seeing as how they would have no other reason to be out there recycling, my bet is they cleared the road and the easily accesible parts of the ditch of cannonballs.
There is no health care.
Atheists have as much conscience, possibly more, than people with deep religious conviction, and they still have the same problem of how they reconcile themselves to a bad deed in the past.
The affection and tenderness they feel for each other and for their nephew as they sing the lilting ballad “Could I Have This Dance” does not necessarily extend to Sissy, whose skills as a newlywed homemaker leave much to be desired.
There are always choices in life and of these choices comes consequences - good or bad.
But let’s save the comparisons until they win the Series in 2008, 2009, go to Game 7 of the 2010 World Series (winning 14 World Series games in a row during that run) and then make another appearance in the 2012 Series.
“The industry is about relationships, and they have great relationships,” he says.
1, 2008, leaving a year for aspiring citizens to prepare and for community groups to adjust their study classes.
Dave Itzkoff on James Tiptree, Jr.; Liesl Schillinger on Nora Ephron; Rachel Donadio on writers' colonies.
His left forearm is as thin as a child’s, and crooked at the wrist.
The idea is affordable retreats that are under the radar.
They started looking last April in Brooklyn.
But along with this “really silly epithet,” as she put it, goes a responsibility.
Since announcing in July that he was through playing football after 11 seasons, Martin, the Jets’ career rushing leader, has been traced to a restaurant in Atlanta, a condominium development in Brooklyn and the Jets’ practice facility on Long Island.
The housing group procured $220 million in loans, channeling it into renovations.
He is driving a car full of friends and gets pulled over where he explains to the cop that he is driving because he is the only sober one there.
The kitchen had no exhaust fan, and the air was still heavy with the odor of onions from the tuna fish cakes she had deep fried.
The gathering was at the temporary apartment of one cousin, Sheila Marie Prevost, 43, who lost her Upper Ninth Ward house and most of her possessions in Hurricane Katrina.
In this class 19- and 20-year-old students stood up and said they did not want to be called Americans, nor did they consider themselves American.
I am a profound believer in protecting women from all kinds of assaults, especially rape.
What may ultimately prevent her from being crowned “chieftess” is her campaign’s tendency to put the cart before the horse.
My couch-potato preference has always been open-wheel racing — IndyCar, Formula One, Champ Car — so charging around a genuine Grand Prix track was quite entertaining.
“The elements of mania and depression are diminished.
At the evening celebration on Aug.
The one remaining two-bedroom unit is listed at $162,000.
Nicholas D. Kristof, an Op-Ed columnist for The Times since November 2001 and previously one of its associate managing editors, is the winner of two Pulitzer prizes.
But in the latter case, both images would have had to be flopped (reversed) when they were printed!
Perhaps the American phenomenon that is peculiar is not political correctness but the belief that discourtesy is somehow refreshing. sorry, dick, but you’re more than just a little “tone deaf” on this one. ‘nappy-headed hos’ is racist and sexist all rolled up into one, and i am neither black nor female.
They make their birthday presents–no pink and purple aisle for them.
Collins’s sentence was announced after the jury of seven men and five women deliberated for 55 minutes, said Lisa McDermott, a public information officer for the Bowie County district attorney’s office.
You see the results in a big limestone figure of the dancing Hindu mother goddess, Indrani, on loan from the Sri Pratap Singh Museum in Srinagar.
For decades now, critics engaged in the Freud Wars have pummeled the good doctor’s theories for being sexist, fraudulent, unscientific, or just plain wrong.
In other words they seem to be “tearing” down her acceptability as being our next President.
That he was caught for it and paid a trivial price is no tragedy.
There was some interest from the soccer Hall of Fame and a guy who wanted to put it in a museum.
He failed to get a win for the ninth straight start.
Many people with good intentions but few educational credentials rushed to open charter schools.
It encourages sniggers in one scene, as we watch the players perform classic comic sketches on a scrappy wooden stage, and sympathy in the next, when we sneak behind the scenes to lend an ear to their hopes, fears and heartaches.
It was revealed on Wednesday in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn during the murder trial of R. Lindley DeVecchio, a retired Federal Bureau of Investigation supervisor.
Good luck.
The train flashed through Langtry, the saloon-cluster that Judge Roy Bean, “The Law West of the Pecos,” named for his idol, the actress Lillie Langtry.
But do you really think that a man who can consistently get 40 percent a year in speculation cannot defeat that problem?
The producing team on the independent film, financed mainly by British backers, is representing it as a testosterone-laced “Devil Wears Prada,” the Hollywood hit based on the best-selling contrivance about Anna Wintour and Vogue magazine.
While Mr. Golder attended to his business, Mr. Kulp said he would go to a movie showing nearby.
When the officers say the vehicle is in a safe place, OnStar can set off the slow-down.
No. 20 South Florida’s rapid plunge continued yesterday with the Bulls’ third consecutive loss, 38-33 to visiting Cincinnati.
Mr. Martinez had served as Mr. Bush’s secretary of housing and urban development until 2003, when he resigned to seek the Senate seat of Bob Graham, a Democrat, who was retiring.
During the cold war, he helped the council coordinate an exchange program with scholars from the United States and Soviet Union.
Dec.
Mr. Roche is survived by a sister, Valery, who lives in England; a son by Ms. Blundell, Tobit Roche, of London; four children by Ms. Tanner: Pandora Smith of Newcastle, England; Martin (known as Potie), of London; Vanessa Lindgren of Upperville, Va.; and Ms. Roche de Aguiar (known as Mitey), of Condom, in the Gascony region of France; and seven grandchildren.
In July, Sprint Nextel began a “friend finding” service from Loopt, based in Mountain View, Calif., that allows users to find their friends who are also using the service.
Your accent is not just sounds that come out of your mouth.
Good vantage points for the three-mile race are the Weeks Footbridge and Lars Anderson Bridge, near Harvard Square, with the most prominent competitors set to race on Sunday.
Card services, commercial banking and private equity also posted solid gains.
Once his victims were drunk, the authorities said, he would pounce.
Washington was the main broker for the deal to bring Ms. Bhutto back to Pakistan last month after eight years of self-imposed exile abroad where she went to escape prosecution on corruption charges.
But Clinton also believed his centrist message was the only way for a Democrat to win in the era after McGovern and Mondale, when running as a liberal candidate seemed only slightly more practical than running as a Marxist.
Captain McEvoy ordered five officers in front of the building — two officers and a sergeant from the housing bureau, and a sergeant and detective from the 79th Precinct — to back up and take cover, which they did, behind police cars.
Suicide, infidelity, spousal abuse and arrested development are the building blocks of “Park,” a wearisome comedy about disturbed, vehicle-bound Angelenos who take a very long lunch hour in a very ugly public park.
11 commission about aspects of the program.
Hence, for the author to suggest a lack of “Christmas” root here in Asia not only smacks of condescension but a serious lack of understanding on the surge of Christianity movement that prevails beyond America, the large number of Christian converts in Singapore, Hong Kong and certain parts of Asia.
AMERICAN EDGED IN COMBINED Magnus Moan of Norway battled snowfall and strong wind to win a Nordic combined World Cup event in Oberhof, Germany, edging Bill Demong of the United States by one-tenth of a second in a photo finish.
The finish was nerve-racking.
South Korean and Thai regulators previously had cited One-Two-Go’s parent company for poor safety measures.
Daily tickets, which cover unlimited ferries, trains and buses, start at 4.60 Australian dollars, or about $4 at 1.14 Australian dollars to the U.S. dollar.
I have since been lecturing migraine sufferers in the family about the rebound effect of painkillers, urging them to exercise instead.
He called his wife, Donna, “my lover” and thanked his family for teaching him about love.
Or the fashion stylist/surfers at Cittanuova, also in East Hampton, eating alfresco in ball caps and thermal T-shirts?
Schilling is also very likable because he does not spit on your face when the camera zooms on him.I love Baseball but I am not putting up anymore with the spitting contest going on today.
Although the garden was badly in need of watering during a recent visit, the vegetables were otherwise fine.
It is crucial that we move quickly, as ecosystems and species are disappearing — due to habitat destruction, pollution, overpopulation and excessive hunting and fishing, as well as invasive species like fire ants, zebra mussels, bacteria and viruses.
Here the sullenness was on the surface.
Phone lines have been cut and jammers have been installed all around the house to disable cellphones.
But more significant, he said, the Dmanisi skeletons may reveal how early human ancestors could move out of Africa.
Despite growing conservation efforts, and a smart-growth movement, the future of Beaufort County’s outlying plantations and towns has yet to be determined.
The FQ-360 goes from a stop to 60 miles an hour in 3.9 seconds — faster than a Porsche GT3.
“We follow the split-second decision-making and intensity that comes with being part of the crew,” the show brags.
So much for America still being a meritocracy.
For many parents, the cost of college casts a long shadow before and beyond the time their child actually spends in college.
Google the words “Foose” and “SEMA” and you will get more than 193,000 hits.
HORNETS 113, TRAIL BLAZERS 93 Chris Paul scored 19 points and Peja Stojakovic added 18 as sharp-shooting New Orleans beat visiting Portland.
The Democrats control the Senate 51 to 49, including two independents who generally vote with the party, and are favored to pick up seats being vacated by Republicans in Virginia and Colorado, and possibly New Mexico.
Democrats, who have taken control of Congress and might soon take the White House, should not lose sight of that fact.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Bush said Thursday he will reserve judgment on his administration's destruction of CIA interrogation tapes until several inquiries are finished.
I called a woman who has documented an intimate and harrowing view of boys and girls driving badly, Jennifer Boyd, a Hartford filmmaker.
There were no problems.
What is engaging about the machine is that with just a few variables — the coffee and water; the mechanics of heating and forcing water through the grounds in just the right way — making espresso is, compared with making wine, an almost mathematical exercise in the pursuit of perfection.
There it is!
If it’s really that important — and we believe it is — then it’s time to send somebody higher ranking than the American ambassador in Baghdad to deliver the message.
Or perhaps some log of the photos with number, exposure information, lens length, etc, exists (which might help gauge the time of day)?
Place where he spends the most time: I just stand by the island in my kitchen.
Yet today’s markets are being transformed by intangibles, and a growing number of companies are scrambling to find the methods that will help them better use, develop and communicate about them.
Investigators believe he fled to Hong Kong and worked in the garment trade.
Like scores of other consumer brand companies, Toyota is increasingly creating its own content like video games rather than relying simply on advertising during commercial breaks.
“While the theft of recyclables may seem like a harmless offense, this activity seriously damages the city’s recycling program,” Mr. Bloomberg said when he signed the law on Tuesday.
The problem is not that press are to the left (they are to the left of way too few), but that government is directed by bribes to the campaign committees of elected officials who are willing to let those whose wealth means they need not plan 30, 20, or even 10 years out, write our laws and regulations.
Her campaign insisted that all campaign finance rules have been followed.
Uptown at Peter Elliot, the 30-year-old retailer of upper-crust attire, there has even been a run on tailored blazers — short sequined ones from Tracy Reese for $405 and silk jacquard smoking jackets from Belvest for $2,300, said Eileen Sorota, the manager of the women’s store.
The musical snapshot, part of the Composer Portraits series, revealed Mr. Barry’s penchant for distorted Irish melodies, abrupt juxtapositions of chaos and calm, vehemently percussive piano and string pizzicatos.
SLM said it planned to raise $1.5 billion by selling common stock.
We didn’t know that information was intentionally withheld.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) -- Hundreds of thousands of survivors were stuck Saturday behind roads blocked by fallen trees, iron roofs and thick sludge as rescue workers fought to reach towns along Bangladesh's coast that were ravaged by a powerful cyclone that killed at least 1,723 people.
After being treated for 20 years for Crohn’s Disease, I was suddenly symptom-free when I stopped eating wheat, which seems to be the one thing missing on your exclusion diet.
Pickups registered as passenger vehicles were allowed on the parkways.
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. is leading a team of American officials in Beijing this week for talks on the Chinese trade surplus and other economic matters.
The mining and manufacturing required to create, say, solar panels, surely demand substantial resources; and the quantities of power required mean more research is needed for large-scale use.
And I just find that fascinating.
If you listen closely, and trust accordingly, your “gut” will not let you down.
This being an American story, as its title announces and Steven Zaillian’s screenplay occasionally trumpets, there’s plenty of blue in the mix too, worn by some of New York’s very un-finest.
Some songs, including the show’s framing number, “The Ballad of Sweeney Todd,” were cut.
If machine is not puréeing, add a little more apple juice.
Dave Eggers, the author of “What Is the What”; Gary Hart on Barack Obama; Caroline Weber on the Marquise Du Châtelet; Dave Itzkoff on science fiction.
“We are a bunch of astronomy buffs looking through our telescopes out in the middle of nowhere,” said Mr. Furman, 57.
They padded their division lead to seven games over second-place Philadelphia, which was routed by Colorado.
Blindfolded much of the time, they are ordered never to look at their captors.
Conservative stances on social issues are at the center of his campaign, but he often tempers them with a declaration of the need to end the divisiveness plaguing the country.
The script for a slow fade-out may already be on display along the western shores of Hudson Bay in northern Canada, Dr. Amstrup said.
But it modestly offered the picture “pour votre considération” only as best animated feature, while also mentioning the screenwriter and director Brad Bird.
“I was dying for some place I could go and share my angst and fears with other people,” Gallagher says.
Here Kukla seems to confound a distaste for pageantry with a distaste for women.
I hate the term “ho” to mean “all women.”
A lot, of course, has changed for gays in America since “Cruising” made its debut.
Imus is a product.
Of course, as both Mr. Kahn’s colorful staging of “Tamburlaine” and the soap-operatic production of “Edward II,” directed by Gale Edwards, made clear in different ways, this is undoubtedly because he does not hold the stage today as smoothly as Shakespeare.
The company arrives as Hollywood experiments with the Web to build a more direct relationship with consumers.
Nothing was imported to the place, so in that sense it’s not posed or faked at all; only placement of existing objects may have been tinkered with, and then only to see which better captured the place in both its real and its sympbolic senses…all’s fair in love and war, after all!
It would increase the standard deduction, at a cost of $48 billion over 10 years.
Though the field was discovered in 1981, oil executives long considered Snohvit out of reach, because of the Barents Sea’s shifting ice packs, brutal waves and extreme cold.
Among the relics collected soon afterward by the Smithsonian Institution was a cellphone thought to have been used that day by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, a meaningful artifact because he held it while rallying the city.
Although the tires’ ultimate life will not be known for another 18 months or so, the fleet service manager, Bill Shipley, says the Michelins are wearing at a rate of 1/32nd of an inch per 18,000 miles, with very even wear, which indicates that the tread blocks aren’t squirming.
Yes– you could see the physical transformation as Robert E. K. gave his testimoney–how he finally came to the point that he could sincerely ask Jesus Christ into his heart!
The interior was sconce lit, the bands were lo-fi, and the walls were covered with photos to make Mapplethorpe blush.
She has ended up paying the higher price, but said she was concerned about her budget.
The unemployment rate held steady at 4.7 percent, in line with September and analysts' consensus forecast.
You’re fine.
For safety reasons, many states require hunters to wear a specific number of square inches of highly visible blaze orange, usually amounting to a vest and a cap.
Some pedestrians stepped carefully around the new decals yesterday and said the compass design would help.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck will take maternity leave next month from her post as host of the ABC daytime talk show “The View,” The Associated Press reported.
Mr. Lutz sees hope in the fact that the company seems to have stabilized at just under 24 percent, versus the 28 percent that executives vowed to attain when he first arrived, even donning lapel pins with the number.
Mr. Abdo’s development and the rise in property values have given other developers confidence to build in the area.
The police found him asleep in his car the next morning.
It did not just bubble up recently.
In 1978, with Senator Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, he co-sponsored the Full Employment and Balanced Growth Act, which set the nation’s economic policy with four goals: full employment, production growth, price stability, and balance of trade and budget.
It counts among its members 90 or so of the most fanatic fishermen in the country, from furniture repairmen to taxi drivers to tour guides and one 84-year-old retiree.
It was mid-September and nearing the end for all runs of Pacific salmon.
Like a uniform policy.
Imagine how wonderful the world would be if the kids were put through sixty times the religious training our lawmakers are mandating as a cure for our children’s problems?
Special Sunday prix fixe, $42.
The previous night, a severe storm had swept through the area, leaving downed trees in its wake, a harbinger of a potentially rocky train ride to work the next day.
It was a wondrous moment: The first day of high school.
Especially when Stengel stood up to speak at his introductory news conference and thanked “Mr. Bob Topping” for the opportunity.
But Moses always refused to help.
Wang walked Travis Hafner but had two outs and a 0-2 count on Víctor Martínez.
Free tastings.
Late last year, the Viacom-owned MTV Networks Music and Logo Group made a deal to start VBS, with financing from MTV and content from Vice, which also sells ads.
Maybe when Judgement Day comes, we’ll surprise each other by sharing our sandwiches and singing “Bridge Over Troubled Water,” rather than by scooping out our children’s brains with spoons.
Previously, price had rarely accounted for more than 25 percent of a company’s score.
The light that shines from three lives would not have been seen if you had decided to put out one of them.
The Mississippi governor, riding high on an image of competence after Hurricane Katrina, is unlikely to be toppled in the election, on Nov.
Robert L. Hughes, the president of New Visions, called Ms. Salzberg “a committed educator with a proven track record in the public school system.”
He is a free agent, and though it’s early in the free-agent season, no team has come forward and said it wants to sign Bonds, a seven-time most valuable player.
His asthma is also under control and he takes very little medication.
Immediately the French established an alliance with the British, quite an extraordinary thing in itself.
It takes an extraordinary filmmaker to evoke that sort of feeling and then to cap his thrilling climactic chase with an image as ecstatic as it is disquieting, the distant sight of a boy and a horse heading out to sea.
One of her most notorious shows was Mr. Acconci’s “Seedbed,” a ramped floor beneath which the artist masturbated, his sounds projected over a loudspeaker.
But it’s not the only reason for sticking to the handouts.
After that, he went to jail permanently as a habitual criminal.
His decision was a major disappointment to Republican leaders, who had hoped Mr. Craig would make good on his pledge and spare them from the potential political liability of having a senior lawmaker who has become a national punch line.
A Schubert group began with “Im Frühling,” a gently lyrical song that Mr. Polenzani sang with exquisite grace and simplicity.
Bits offers news and analysis on the technology industry throughout the day with posts about the inventors and dealmakers trying to master and profit from the digital age.
My first thought was: let’s try to compute sun angles from the shadows.
Then she threw on several layers of clothing and walked a path blanketed with pine needles until she reached a group of her peers sitting in the sun.
This would make its competitors sweating just follow them and duplicate these things.
It establishes the teacher’s position as an anti-racist person open to feedback from people of color.
With a year-round schedule (and better-chosen shows), it stands an excellent chance of succeeding.
The great expanses of salt marsh and remnant woodland tracts at Jamaica Bay, and the beaches at Sandy Hook, provide habitat for 330 species of birds and 71 species of butterflies.
The Laptop Workstation Pop Stand offers a solution for anyone who needs a small desk that can be rolled out of the way; $169, in mahogany or black, from (800) 761-5222 or stacksandstacks.com.
Directed by Terry George; written by Mr. George and John Burnham Schwartz, based on the novel by Mr. Schwartz; director of photography, John Lindley; edited by Naomi Geraghty; music by Mark Isham; production designer, Ford Wheeler; produced by Nick Wechsler and A. Kitman Ho; released by Focus Features.
The simplest way to describe the Chumby is as an Internet-enabled alarm clock.
If anything, the array of images streaming down the page one after the other serves as a counter text to the one you write, providing visual evidence of the vital place the church plays in the community and adding up to a powerful indictment of your argument.
The study did recommend measures to reduce use, however, acknowledging the risk of shortages during dry spells.
She scored six points out of a possible eight.
At night, students burrow into their zero-degree sleeping bags.
Why try to glimpse them now?
In Utah, Mr. Jeffs faces federal charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution.
7, the night he shut down the News Corporation station.
The good news is there there are lots of ways to bind advertising to content that will make money.
The angular visual distortions suggest the world reflected in shards of a shattered mirror that may be a metaphor for the crumbling Habsburg Empire at the end of World War I. Eventually Klimt’s memories give way to hallucinations.
But wanting to replace coarse reality with something more refined is nothing new, although what is judged coarse does change over time.
That makes the 2008 sedan five inches longer than the Camry.
Washington has D. B. Cooper, the hijacker who parachuted from a Boeing 727 in 1971 with $200,000 in ransom.
Meanwhile, another landslide in the region served as a reminder of the spate of environmental problems.
Every sentence in a news story, though, has the potential to spiral off in new directions, and that's where The Lede's mission begins. + City Room Our blog about New York City. + Newsvine Updated by the People, for the People. + Passport By Foreign Policy magazine.
Mr. Ressam now sits in a federal prison, and his punishment has the imprimatur of our time-honored constitutional values.
The better plot thread, though, concerns three black talking heads (Henry Afro-Bradley, Karen Denise Page and Robert Turner) on the payroll of a right-wing institute financed by the drug company.
Imus lost his job because he lost his corporate support.
Still other states, like Georgia and Arizona, have been pouring money into their public systems to try to rise in the rankings.
Buying in may be easier for children than for adults.
Saddam was held at Camp Cropper until he was hanged by Iraqi authorities last December.
Here it only takes a $1000 fee to get on.
Fears of a subprime meltdown were overblown, he said in a July interview with Bloomberg News.
Mr. Davis said he remained optimistic that an accommodation could be reached before the broadcast date.
I well remember the show - (what was I, three years old?) - I didn’t feel sorry for Norman Mailer, but, appalled it was so, *identified* with him!
Principals of archdiocesan schools in poor neighborhoods decried what they saw as a subsidy for upper-middle-class families while they had to justify every penny and struggle to keep enrollments from shrinking.
Solidarités, a French aid organization that distributes food in the area, said three Sudanese aid workers were killed in the attack.
He capped the drive with a 23-yard pass down the sideline to Antwaan Randle El.
What would the point of the OFF picture be?
They will be in a good position to make, or ruin, Wetterich’s day.
The entire story could be interpreted as a dying screenwriter’s life flashing before his eyes.
The police said they were still investigating whether there may have been any criminal negligence on the part of the plant.
I cannot avoid storms coming on (abrupt barometric pressure changes seem to be the trigger) but for them Sudafed 30 mg and Aleve or similar NSAID (but not Tylenol) taken early usually work.
Americanism is an idea transcends its geographic boundary/culture/language.
To equate a higher intelligence with theism is simply a human construction.
Analysts said the company appeared to have benefited from the same worldwide trends that helped Intel during the quarter.
If she detects uncertainty or thinks they may be responding to the wishes of anyone other than themselves, she says, she tells them to think it over a bit longer.
21, they acted quickly to limit access to the campus and notify students to stay in their rooms.
The House bill did, in fact, restore most judicial safeguards.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. manhole A look at the foundry in Haora, India, where New York City's manhole covers are made.
A message sent the next day told Mr. Johnson that the man had bought him a round-trip Amtrak ticket between New York and Washington.
“To date, many people still maintain their illusion of privacy,” he said in an e-mail message.
City Room is a news blog supplementing the New York/Region coverage of The Times.
Jeffrey Toobin, the author of “The Nine”; Leslie H. Gelb on “The Israel Lobby”; Dale Peck on “The Outsiders,” by S. E. Hinton.
Studies have shown such equipment can significantly improve the chances of surviving a side-impact crash.
Under the plan, 20 percent of the space or time of any auto ad would have to be set aside for information on a car’s fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emissions, cited as a contributor to global climate change.
Justice Reichbach asked.
This year, Laura Thieme, president of the search engine marketing company Bizresearch, started a conference series called Search N Spa that combines technology education sessions with spa activities.
Most Peruvian goods already enter the U.S. duty free, but our exports to Peru have been subject to tariffs.
About three in four children do grow out of the problem by early adulthood, he said.
She lived right across the avenue from Melon’s.
It turned out that that was already the number.
But one company marched in with more than a dozen significant changes to a previously approved design.
He received nearly a hundred comments on the debate, many encouraging jamming.
He said officers who patrolled the area had presented to the New Jersey Turnpike Authority a list of 70 passenger vehicles that exceed the weight limit, hoping the agency would update the rules.
Michael Klein, the chief executive officer of Pacificor LLC, a Santa Barbara-based company that manages several hedge funds, founded two companies in the 1990s before becoming president and CEO of eGroups Inc., which was the world's largest group e-mail communication service.
The tv has been excellent, superb picture quality.
The old Shockey was the flamboyant, headline-stirring tight end who let words flow unfiltered.
It was lactose.
Gallery of the New York School of Interior Design, 161 East 69th Street; (212) 472-1500.
But critics like Dr. David Egilman, a clinical associate professor of community health at Brown University, have argued that it was known that total body radiation was not effective for the types of solid tumors the patients had.
Much of the Oscar appetite is coming from the actors themselves.
The answer, for various reasons, appears to be no.
China now exports more to the European Union than to the United States, and exports to Europe have been growing strongly.
Others have decided to return to Mexico.
But the Syrian Jews soon learned that in America, self-sufficiency alone did not ensure their survival.
Nader was dead wrong in 2000 and deserves all of the ignomy he has suffered.
Yesterday, city officials put in effect a contingency plan that consisted of a zone-based fare structure and allowed drivers to pick up multiple fares.
Less enthusiastic, however, is the “Gilmore Girls” alumnus Scott Patterson, who, as the onetime proprietor of Luke’s Diner and now a hapless F.B.I. profiler, can only be wondering why his eatery ever had to close.
He added that at least 10 existing laws address the same issues, including the city’s Illegal Eviction Law, which makes it a misdemeanor for a property owner to use force or intimidation to evict a tenant.
Any takeover is preferable to ABN Amro remaining independent or splitting itself up, the board said.
In Michigan, the American Federation of Teachers has successfully organized full-time, nontenure-track professors at Eastern Michigan University, as well as part-time and full-time adjuncts at the University of Michigan campuses in Ann Arbor, Dearborn and Flint.
‘MAURITIUS’ Ersatz Mamet — “American Buffalo,” to be exact.
“What happened to the day when you had a little crease in your pants and a nice shirt?” he said.
In April, Yahoo became the seller of search and contextual text ads on Viacom’s sites.
And a software-based radio — the industry calls it software-defined radio — could handle multiple cellular signals at the same time, the way a computer can run a browser, a word processor and a spreadsheet all at once.
Now I just smile and say thanks for the tip.
“There was never in Turkmenistan any pressure on the press,” he answered.
That’s a problem: Too much is played for laughs.
Now that’s funny!
In the 1950s and ’60s, the Nash Rambler was a small econocar, in comparison to the cruisers and bruisers produced by the Big Three.
Our children camp out a minimum of 2 weekends a month.
The $87 million in annual revenue the entire department produces not only covers the costs of all the non-revenue sports like women’s volleyball but also generated a surplus of $17 million last year.
Warm the jam in a small saucepan and spread it over the baked custard.
Blockbuster just raised my rates but I am not as upset as everyone else seems to be.
True, all I got when I tried to imagine it was a split screen—me on one side returned and speaking Hindi, him doing swears.
He teaches at the Harvard Medical School and is a staff member at the Judge Baker Children’s Center in Boston, where he sees kids struggling in some of the toughest circumstances imaginable.
A quick hike through the Sunday (and a few non-Sunday) book review sections.
I am extremely happy to see the union workers know which side of their toast is buttered.
The charts below, based on figures from the Federal Procurement Data System, tell the story.
To fight on the shifting terrain, and to beat back emerging rivals, Indian companies are hiring workers and opening offices in developing countries themselves, before their clients do.
Art of the Punk Years, 1974-84” recently ended a run at the Barbican Gallery in London.
It is to offer 132 condominiums and more than 40,000 square feet of retail space.
That sometimes yields exciting effects, sometimes merely a raised eyebrow.
Andrea Raphael, a spokeswoman in New York, confirmed the memo’s contents and declined to comment further.
Mangini’s comments were a nod to the efficiency of Pennington, who completed 15 of 22 passes for 2 touchdowns and no interceptions, and to running back Thomas Jones, who had 110 rushing yards on 25 carries, and to returner Leon Washington, who dashed 98 yards with a kickoff for a second-quarter touchdown.
Warner’s move comes roughly four months after the industry’s biggest company, Universal Music Group, part of Vivendi, said it would sell music without restrictions through an array of services, including digital stores run by Wal-Mart, Real Networks and Amazon, but not iTunes.
Additionally, the medical profession misdiagnoses and mistreats enormous amounts of children for many reasons, including desire for financial gain by the physicians.
What really impressed me was how polished it was: on the road it was totally glitchless, and under the hood it looked no different from the plastic-swathed engine bays of dozens of current cars.
(Nickelodeon) DORA SAVES THE MERMAIDS In her latest prime-time venture, the preschool heroine Dora the Explorer goes underwater to save the Mermaid Kingdom, which is drowning in garbage.
My dad even figured out how to grow high-grade Supima, or long-staple, cotton.
Mike Lowell followed with a double for two more runs, and the game had effectively been decided.
Ms. Jones will probably face a maximum of six months in jail, one of the lawyers said.
Everything collected will be given to charities.
In his latest film, “There Will Be Blood,” which opens next month and was written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Day-Lewis portrays a man who is searching for his fortune in oil in turn-of-the-century California.
A few years ago, she saw 10 students who were cutting themselves.
Listen to the birds chirp, indeed!
What he saw in Justin Zackham’s screenplay was much more upbeat: a story of two men making the most of their life while they still have it, of friendship in the face of death.
And certainly not us.
Passionate Love of the family team, of the history, of the tradition, of the sport, and of excellence.
He becomes just another funny man harboring an inner sad sack — a “Tears of a Clown” syndrome — alongside Robin Williams and Richard Pryor.
The trend has been to award the event to major tracks like Belmont, Churchill Downs and Santa Anita on a semiregular basis, with a somewhat less prestigious track, like Arlington, Lone Star and, now, Monmouth, getting the event every fourth or fifth year.
Serving tea or any other drink is one of the new features in the latest version of the robot, unveiled earlier this month.
Another possibility is to persuade the lender to allow the sale to a qualified buyer who will assume the balance of the mortgage.
They are not agile enough to delude the driver into imagining these are smaller vehicles.
Shares in Marriott’s 47 Park Street begin at 106,000 pounds, or about $216,000.
The town of Roztoky, just outside of Prague, had one of the world’s largest ephedrine factories until 2002.
In “Duck Soup,” Chico tries to pass himself off as Groucho’s character, complete with moustache and cigar, but encounters a skeptical Margaret Dumont, who protests that she just saw Groucho leave the room.
Your essay reminds me that you may be the best candidate.
Those entries are called "knols" for "unit of knowledge," Google said.
It starred Rosemary Harris and Jason Robards Jr.
But it was not what Cashman wanted to hear.
They read newspapers while sitting on park benches and talk in the language they now share, Hebrew.
Swing-era jazz filled the room.
31 — Senator Barack Obama said he would “engage in aggressive personal diplomacy” with Iran if elected president and would offer economic inducements and a possible promise not to seek “regime change” if Iran stopped meddling in Iraq and cooperated on terrorism and nuclear issues.
IN his laboratory here at the University of Connecticut Health Center, Dr. David W. Rowe looked at two X-rays that appeared too good to be true.
As a lark Joey agrees to be Rodney’s date to the high school graduation dance (which for some reason is never referred to as a prom).
“Thelma and Louise” is a different movie experience today than it was in 1991.
Kenneth Tham, a high school sophomore in Arcadia, Calif., strives to improve his grades and scores on standardized tests.
Home to Jazz at Lincoln Center, Rose Hall is on the center’s fifth floor, which means that this year you can pick up an organic apple at the Whole Foods on your way to the movies.
Two, some of the cannonballs in the road (ON) appear imbedded in the earth (either by weight and force or perhaps rain-soaked); if ON came second, then Fenton would have had to mash them into the road to create this effect.
An articulate student activist turned refugee with movie star good looks, he tries to make a difference by documenting the human-rights violations inflicted on Karen villagers by the military of Myanmar, formerly Burma.
But five senators from states outside the Corn Belt sent a letter to President Bush this week urging caution.
I truly hope that you will find peace and let go of your guilt…if that’s possible.
But where we really felt ourselves lucky was later that night when we wound up quite by accident at the Plaza San José, on Calle San Sebastián, during a traditional bomba party.
Did I miss something here, or did equal rights for parenting go out the window?
“As the baby boomers and wealthy tech types retire, they want challenging hobbies like astronomy, and have enough cash stashed away to afford to build their own observatories,” said Richard Olson, president of the Ash Manufacturing Company in Plainfield, Ill., which makes steel domes for observatories.
In 2005, at the urging of Mr. Fulgoni and other local supporters, the town of Huntington bought the property from a developer who wanted to demolish the house.
The court agreed with the defense argument that Italy had no jurisdiction in the case of Spc.
Falwell died in the spring.
Two Asian women slowly went from table to table carrying shopping bags filled with movies, each in a plastic sleeve with artwork copied from movie posters or ads.
Congress has the legal power to call witnesses to testify, and presidential advisers are not exempt.
She smelled like nobody else, of flowers and powder and gentle decay.
He trudged off the mound, chewing gum and staring straight ahead, looking like the toughest guy in the stadium.
But about a third of the cars here are Kei cars, so you’re swimming in a school of fellow small fry.
The Europeans’ new immigrant-friendly proposal, which requires the approval of member governments, comes as anti-immigrant sentiment pervades national debates about foreign migration.
Is an opposition figure indispensable to the success of the war on terror and the achievement of political stability?
I don’t think he gathered up cannonballs from a remote site and put them in the road.
The man escaped, leaving the fountain spouting red water.
And while that total will certainly increase, Mississippi has set aside just 23 percent of its $5.5 billion grant money — $1.25 billion — for these programs.
Dave Itzkoff on James Tiptree, Jr.; Liesl Schillinger on Nora Ephron; Rachel Donadio on writers' colonies.
“I don’t lead a Hollywood lifestyle,” said Mr. Lee, 53, who bristled at the thought of living either in Los Angeles or his homeland of Taiwan.
Many of the big corporations also prefer to develop their own technology, possibly slowing the advance of new ideas.
02138, which refers to Harvard College’s ZIP code in Cambridge, Mass., and consists primarily of articles about Harvard and Harvard alumni, published an article last week about the genesis of Facebook and the resulting lawsuit.
If Buyout Firms Are So Smart, Why Are They So Wrong?
“Sharkwater” argues that the extinction of the shark — a creature whose population has been depleted by 90 percent in the past 30 years — could unbalance the ocean’s ecosystem and accelerate the process of global warming.
The Dow’s gain yesterday was the fifth consecutive day of triple-digit moves in the blue-chip index.
Don’t begrudge a player the right to earn what the market will bear.
GO ROCKIES! ot SOX! or DIAMONDBACKS!
The move was not without trade-offs.
Can you reference an online link to higher resolution versions of ON and OFF?
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg received the warmest cheers of the night, and even Mr. Blair had a bit of fun with the rumors that he might pursue a presidential run.
Converted in 1996 by American evangelical missionaries, Duch has become a born-again Christian, apparently ready to confess his sins.
Fenton takes the OFF pic then retires to his tent.
Large numbers of Iranians are fed up with their government’s corruption and repression and with being branded a pariah state.
What a novel concept.
Here is a solution: This week, Congress is expected to pass an emergency appropriation for California.
There will be 157 studio to two-bedroom condominiums ranging in size from 400 to 1,200 square feet.
Mr. Silver said he had stopped trying to get Mr. Bruno and Mr. Spitzer to talk to each another.
Mr. Obama grew up in Indonesia and Hawaii, then went on to the Ivy League, attending Columbia for college and Harvard for law school.
Then the follow-up question would be did he substantively change the scene?
Even as he championed this progressive form of architecture, Mr. Kurokawa honored traditional Japanese design, both in his execution of details that are virtually invisible and in a reliance on natural tones and textures.
Ms. Palomino also entered a homeless shelter, to qualify for housing assistance.
Confront God.
Bale’s Dylan is a slow-speaking folk-singer Dylan, the Dylan that seems to be searching and pondering.
If so, it would suggest that actually some balls might have been moved into position off the road, providing another puzzle if the theory is that Fenton took some (or caused them to be taken) out of the ditch and put them on the road.
Of course that doesn’t account for reading for information, enlightenment or practical advice.
The only true argument is deciding what children truly need it.
She said efforts were under way to seek more banks to participate in the program.
Meanwhile, the Stierles said, they have turned down job offers from major universities that would have tripled their salaries.
The idea was that he would be a burst of cool Scottish forthrightness after the murky spin and dissembling that had come to cloud perceptions of Mr. Blair’s played-out government.
Huh, so a ’60s TV show that was made into a Harrison Ford movie is “work that aspires to permanence.”
The schools chancellor, Joel I. Klein, speaking at the Education Department’s headquarters yesterday, said that the proposal was a long way from being adopted and was just one of several ideas being considered.
Guns, guns, guns.
Everyone has their breaking point.
Maybe one of those kids will be another Martin Luther King, Jr., Frederick Douglas, or Dorothy Day.
More than three decades later the two are rarely apart, and Mr. Pinter turns soft, even cozy, when he talks about his wife.
Luckily, or not, his real dog made short work of them.
“Now I get out of the subway and the first thing I see is a bunch of ladies in ponytails and sports bras,” huffing and puffing in the gym at 100 Jay, she said.
Patriots running back Laurence Maroney said he was concerned about the footing.
She asked me, “What does a real mother do?”
Among the players are the Stranger (Karel Roden), a gunslinger who wears black and bleeds red; the Woman (Katarzyna Figura), a busty barmaid whose monstrous tongue would make Gene Simmons blush; the Sheriff (Boguslaw Linda), a broken-down alcoholic carrying a sputtering torch for the barmaid; and the Big Man (Krzysztof Zaleski), a not-so-big man in filthy garb who lusts after the woman.
I thought the ads were awful and signed the petition against them, but I am not sure the Child Study Center deserves all the blame here.
For Ms. Giner, 39, a dual citizen who grew up in Juárez, Mexico, there is nothing unusual about commuting over the Rio Grande, which separates El Paso from Juárez, and, increasingly, the same could be said for many other regular border crossers.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
But Mr. Grandberry has only two guns in his emotional holster: sullen and boyish, inadequate for anchoring the movie.
This seems much less likely.
Frank Rich on Don DeLillo; Marco Pierre White, the author of “The Devil in the Kitchen”; and Jonathan Rosen on Primo Levi.
Agency officials will discuss the new Web tools with private-sector gurus this week at an open meeting in Chicago.
I don’t think enough emphasis is put on the fact that essentially, teachers are less concerned with whether a student is good or bad and more concerned with whether the student can be focused on learning.
Parents perhaps?
He says he only knows when he loses focus when he “comes back”, that he isn’t aware of losing focus happening, and thus can’ t pull himself back voluntarily .
Oil prices have surged in recent months, and crude oil futures have hit record levels, but lower refining margins, increased costs and other factors have hindered third-quarter earnings at some of the world’s major oil companies.
The Eagles (1-2) scored touchdowns on their first five possessions and had a team-record 42 points in the first half.
Now it’s Pelosi and H. Clinton’s turn to raise taxes, bring in Lib-Bureaucratic rule and generally impose the hippie mores on a recalcitrant public under the guise that “yeah, she’s a really tough lady”.
Insofar as we isolate Iran we solidify the hold of a government we don’t like.
Some fire chiefs and elected officials said that they were angry with the state government for not adopting recommendations made by a blue-ribbon panel after the fires in 2003, in particular those that called for more firefighting equipment.
Assume that, for you, it falls into one of Mr. Bayard’s categories of nonreading: books you don’t know, books you have skimmed, books you have heard of, or books you have forgotten.
But looking out at the unobstructed Pacific view from inside them, it’s easy to see why a hostile ship would have found their guns difficult to elude.
The Arctic ice cap shrank so much this summer that waves briefly lapped along two long-imagined Arctic shipping routes, the Northwest Passage over Canada and the Northern Sea Route over Russia.
For the globetrotting hippies of the woozy “Marrakesh Express” days, the appeal lay in “charming cobras” and “blowing smoke rings,” to quote Crosby, Stills and Nash.
Ahmadinejad does not want to shout fire; he wants to drop a nuclear bomb on the theater.
Yessina Rodriguez’s life is at a standstill.
Most companies use the same methods and, in some cases, the same labs to extract DNA from samples.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said last week that the horses should remain.
Pitino’s hospitality, however, ended there as Louisville (9-3) went on to shut down Iona (5-8) for its fourth consecutive victory.
“Just 25% of Americans believe that the Democratic candidates are piling on Senator Hillary Clinton and attacking her unfairly,” a Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds.
His cast this time includes Elizabeth Ashley, Arthur French and Hallie Foote (his daughter) (2:30).
Stephen Metcalf on Michel Houellebecq; Stephanie Zacharek on Bette Davis.
He was credited with five tackles, four solo.
There was, for instance, a reverential 1940s biopic starring Joel McCrea.
“I am proud to be a student at a university that respects students’ First Amendment rights,” he said.
In 2001, Mr. DuBrow told The Birmingham (Ala.)
His hospitalization came at the end of a long day in which the candidate unexpectedly had to drive across Missouri — from Kansas City to Columbia to Chesterfield — after his private jet broke down.
Fed officials do not say what they view as the long-run “potential” growth rate of the economy, which is based on the rate of rising productivity and growth in the labor force.
Several residents and members of the Town Council’s Ordinance Committee raised concerns over whether the proposed law would be constitutional or enforceable.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
Some of the men are back and need cash for seeds and fertilizer to plow long-neglected fields.
All rights reserved.
As an example of the unusual political maneuvering on the legislation, House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer announced shortly after the vote that Democrats would not immediately send the measure to the White House.
“That's a lot of if's and perfectly's,” I noted.
But the dispute was resolved, and “Brahmachari” and “Bandhan” became hits in India.
As Microsoft mulls putting up to $500 million into Facebook at a $10-billion-plus valuation, it may want to consider the fate of eBay’s adventure with the Internet phone service Skype.
It noted that through the middle of this year, money delivered to climate-adaptation projects through that treaty’s mechanism amounted to about $26 million — the equivalent of what Britain spends on flood defenses in a week.
These two went this way.
But in addition to the pork, the bill also contains several necessary projects.
It could be through a Web site, by mail order via an 800 number, through a small or large label, or all of them; she’s negotiating.
OUTDOOR SPACE: A deck off the living room has views of the harbor.
A friend of hers named David Cohen, who has visited her a few times at Rikers and attended her court hearings, said he had known her since they were teenagers but had lost touch with her in the past two years.
But she said her main goal with the book was to encourage more open discussion of abortion and its prevalence.
After the 2006 elections, Mr. Lott was elected by his colleagues to be the party whip, the No. 2 Republican behind the minority leader, Mitch McConnell.
The truly heroic can tackle Mrs. Walter’s painstaking scenario for hand-stretched strudel.
In Johannesburg, a wide-open city that attracted prostitutes and wheeler-dealers from all over the globe, he hit the ground running, creating a major white slavery ring soon after his arrival in 1898.
Where is the real problem?
Doesn’t buy enough toothpaste.
I can cuddle up in bed with my macbook but not my tv.
One thing bothers me in the ON shot.
Jeez!
I don’t believe the Bush administration statistics, and I am well aware the violence against women is a continuing problem.
Opens today in New York, Los Angeles and Toronto.
11; and the Flight 93 National Memorial, which has used the photo in pamphlets.
On Tuesday, producers withdrew what had been their most contentious demand: a plan to pay residuals for the use of movies and television shows on DVDs, cable television and other outlets only after they had recovered their costs.
The singers were Jennifer Casey Cabot, a soprano; Tamara Mumford and Leah Wool, mezzo-sopranos; Joshua K. Copeland and Edward Parks, baritones; and Ryan MacPherson, tenor.
Of course, many critics of biotechnology do not explicitly use religious dogma to justify their opposition.
In one attempt by telephone at setting up a meeting, Boras said the only way Rodriguez would attend a meeting is if the Yankees would guarantee him at least $350 million in a new contract, said a person with knowledge of the conversation.
He stumbled in the World Series, going 2 for 14 in Boston’s four-game sweep.
A doctor in Jordan, who works with tribal peoples, told us of a treatment that had relieved a high percentage of migraine suffers who had lost hope, and like us were simply waiting for the next attack.
They never used or explained the word, “adoption.”
There has been much debate about which work was the last by this self-taught painter, an enigmatic and often troubled man who nonetheless wrote hundreds of thoughtful and lucid letters.
My mother had daily migraines and I thought I was headed the same way so this freedom from pain has been an unexpected gift for my later years.
Mr. Hyde was also a leading advocate of a federal law banning the procedure that he and others called partial-birth abortion.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
Genocidal wars and fundamentalism are the result of desperation.
Over all, patients taking prasugrel had 138 fewer cardiac problems than those on Plavix.
Murder had returned (with about 200 victims so far this year), even if many of their friends had not.
‘THE GLORIOUS ONES’ In previews; opens on Nov.
David E. Sanger and Helene Cooper contributed reporting from Washington and Warren Hoge from the United Nations.
To explain why, he instructed the press to read his Iran-contra report.
The mother’s sons have accused the father’s son, John Eastman, of duping or intimidating his ailing stepmother in her later years to prevent her from selling art that he stood to inherit upon her death.
Kingdoms can be lost for the lack of a nail; so, too, the truth about a loved one for the lack of a proper address.
It seems a safe bet.
Could it be – having seen the road on April 4 when the Russian cannonballs were “scattered about” – that Fenton sought to recreate on April 23 what he had seen earlier?
Shame on you,Rutu!
But the city’s definition of affordability is at issue.
The intensity of the effort is fueled by the decisions of Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama to decline public campaign financing.
Gillian Gibbons, in a dark blue jacket and blue dress, was not handcuffed when she walked into the courtroom in Khartoum, according to reporters inside the courthouse.
But he does have a firm grasp of what the N.F.L. should do from here.
Locksley, who followed Coach Ron Zook to Illinois from Florida, recently signed a contract extension through 2012.
“We’re not going to tell you how to meet this goal, we’re just going to reward you when you do,” he added.
He asked her out, she said yes and they started sleeping together now and again.
When the agents grabbed their man, one of the Parisian officials, in a wonderful moment of French diplomacy, said indignantly, “Ne le touchez pas — nous sommes en France.”
Urbanski said he holds the N.F.L. and the Titans responsible for his injuries because he believed they ignored Jones’s previous run-ins with the police.
27 for Class AAA New Orleans.
As a 57-year old white male I “didn’t grow up dealing with nasty references to kinky hair and who’s a whore and a hell of a lot more dribble from folks too near the edge of quiet bigotry” either but I felt enough empathy to feel hurt once the vilification was decoded.
Please include your name, mailing address and daytime telephone number; upon request, names may be withheld in print.
“Snoop Dogg’s Father Hood” is what the E! channel calls his showcase at-home-with-homeys reality series, an uneasy mix of offspring and entourage.
The prosecution will have to demonstrate that Mr. Seselj was accountable for the many acts of looting, killing, rape and persecution of Croats and Muslims that its contends he instigated as the former Yugoslavia disintegrated in the early 1990s.
While there is no recession, economic growth has slowed appreciably.
Disinterested puts him off.
But Mr. Khan worried that the city would instead use that information to send speeding tickets to drivers who drove to the airport in less time than the trip should take.
Fenton states that he was forced to reposition himself due to the danger of shelling.
ROLLS-ROYCE PHANTOM DROPHEAD COUPÉ ($407,000) The world’s most expensive four-seat convertible, this opulently appointed land yacht is worthy of note because BMW, which began producing Rolls-Royces only in 2003, has done an admirable job of capturing the essence of British luxury — better than the British are doing these days, in fact.
“There’s an inner quarrel with me,” Jackson said.
By your loose use of the term, you’re a censor also.
What struck me when I first read the play was that there is no father, mother, brother or sister, there’s no family in this play, which is strange. ...
A tale of two sisters, one awake all night, one asleep for months.
The trickle of blood that turns into a river in the title sequence is animated; the throat-slashing exists on a different plane of reality from the scene early in “Eastern Promises,” in which we see a close-up of a man’s throat being slit in a barber’s chair.
His show will, undboubtedly, expand the current dialogue of the current morning fodder.
Oliver Stone and the Camel Club return in David Baldacci’s 14th novel.
Shoot and print.
Robertson, a former first-round draft pick, seems to be aware that a consensus of experts says he is too puny to jam the line of scrimmage with regularity.
The Mets will play the A.L. West champion Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., on June 16-18.
(Strangely, these pictures remind me of the first returned from surface of Venus by the Russian “Venera” lander.)
He organizes his days around chauffeuring the twins to and from middle school on East 15th Street in Manhattan.
Sodra Larmgatan 12; 011-46-31-711-51-50.
In between these two cities are many areas populated mostly by Chinese minority groups and also many breath taking views.
I should have made my thought clearer.
Several years ago, a tortoise in Hawaii died after a similar procedure.
Born in 1717, the son of a cobbler, Carmontelle insinuated himself into French society through his learnedness and charisma, traits that were in high demand in a culture rife with ignored wives and ennui.
But it quickly came under fire from traditional phone companies who sought to shut it down, saying Vonage had infringed on their patents.
But Mr. Liebert, despite his sentiments, fits nobody’s stereotype of an environmentalist.
And Delta and United have turned to celebrity chefs — Michelle Bernstein for Delta and Charlie Trotter for United — to create menus for its business- and first-class customers.
6 — A school superintendent’s decision to suspend, and perhaps expel, about two dozen students who took part in a protest against the Iraq war at a suburban high school drew criticism Tuesday from the students and their parents, who demanded that their children be allowed to return to classes.
6 — To many people who live around Omaha, the Von Maur department store is a special destination for shopping, a retailer and respite at once, offering serenity along with its upscale goods in the Westroads Mall, the largest and busiest in Nebraska.
I enjoy television.
That a work of the imagination has to be “really” about some problem is, again, an heir of Socialist Realism.
Que Dios la perdone.
DETAILS This $180 million project is a 15-story tower on a barrier island off Florida’s west coast about 25 miles west of Tampa.
The sun hadn’t yet burned off the mist, but the beachfront views were priceless.
OFF first, followed by bombardment, followed by ON.
This is a conversation that will probably end up with no one believing the other opinion.
Now we have the trade paperback, still paperback but of larger book size than the pocket-sized mass-market paperback.
There is a lot of this beautiful old camera’s personality in this film.
Mailer: You seem to have figured out that the next reincarnation for me is going to be Charles Manson.
For the record, Oprah said, when you peel back the color, or the language, or the religion,or the ethnicity, we are all Americans at our core. (paraphrasing) She also said, a mother who loses a child to war feels the same no matter what color she is; tragedy and suffering are the same for us all.
Don’t these arguments rest on the same faulty premises that E.M. criticized Sontag and Keller for employing?
Paul and his teammate Tyson Chandler said some fans still did not realize the Hornets would play every home game in New Orleans.
On flights longer than three hours, American also sells light meals and is testing more fresh options this fall, including several sandwiches, an antipasto platter and premium drinks like Fuze Green Tea.
Two people have already been arrested, one elderly woman for starting a barbecue and another man on charges of arson.
The change is part of a set of announcements in recent days showing that President Hugo Chávez is pressing ahead with policy initiatives despite losing a referendum last week over constitutional reforms aimed at transforming Venezuela into a socialist state.
But after administrative or court rulings, it also spent $57 million last year to educate 3,675 disabled students whose parents rejected the public schools.
For me, a child of divorce, add international relations to the Christmas-New Year’s maelstrom.
I know what it means to “lose it”, I am 76 years old and have “lost it” many times.
“The timing was critical; the assassination came at this moment because of the report of General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker,” he said, referring to Ryan C. Crocker, the United States ambassador to Iraq.
It is hard to exaggerate the impact the first Sputnik had on an America enmeshed in the cold war.
Presented by the Lincoln Center Theater, under the direction of André Bishop and Bernard Gersten.
When the doors open on Saturday morning, fresh-from-the-oven scones, muffins and bread are devoured by Heaven devotees.
If Mason asked for a lunch no one else asked for, Jake would say, "Whatever the other kids are having, Mama."
Wild Turkey, Lawrenceburg; (502) 839-4544; www.wildturkeybourbon.com.
Maybe the rich are more apt to lie, as well.
He distracts and entertains until the divide between his seriousness of purpose and the false glamour that wafts around American gangsters, and invariably trivializes their brutality, becomes too wide to breach.
On a hilltop encircled by hundreds of acres of vineyards, the new tasting house is a hacienda with 105-year-old roof tiles, a fountain and three patios.
A 3-month course of going once a week, then 2 more months of every other week (the sessions are about an hour), and then one or two sessions every few years after if I get a migraine, and I live without the constant migraine pain.
The sentence was considered light compared with the many years Mr. Pellicano could face if convicted at his trial in February on racketeering and other charges.
But Randy Maniloff, a lawyer in Philadelphia who specializes in defending insurance companies, said many homeowners would probably find that they did not buy enough coverage to rebuild their homes.
A policeman, Wisam Wahid al-Majmaie, a Sunni who lives in the Ghatoon neighborhood of Baquba, said that a few minutes before the blast he had been relaxing with his colleagues on the police force.
Oporto’s is the closest international airport to the Douro (www.ana.pt); it is served by several major European airlines.
Thank you for writing about this topic.
To accommodate visitors who will show up on Sept.
I gave birth to him, but his real parents are the ones who raised him and loved him and taught him.
The other Democratic candidates were already piling on during the debate.
The railroad built a spur there in 1882, drawn by a hot spring on the site, and twice a hotel went up and then burned to the ground.
Have American automakers given up on the idea of making the world drool over Detroit iron again?
A little man looking into the mirror creating illusions of deep mystery.
The people who run the system are screened, presumably for both mental stability and latent sympathies with Al Qaeda and the Taliban.
BET is introducing 16 shows through next year in an effort to answer its critics, freshen its profile and stay competitive.
Biology students from the New York City College of Technology recently detected gonorrhea in a drop of water from the canal, according to Scienceline, a New York University publication.
“It doesn’t serve anybody’s purpose for us to dilute what we’re doing,” said Mr. Marx at Amherst, where the faculty has agreed to tweak the enrollment to 1,700, from 1,600.
By building mixed-income housing, Ms. Keefe said, Hope Community is trying to address the inevitable changes on the way and to assist the population that is already there.
LAS VEGAS, N.M., laid claim to its name about 70 years before that upstart neon metropolis sprang out of the sands of Nevada — and it shows.
He said he has since stopped using the jammer.
He played the rest of the game, which his team lost.
“There are privacy concerns about the kind of information we can collect,” Mr. Dunbar said.
You begin to understand how quiet, how subtle the writer’s authority really is, how little it has to do with “authority” as we usually use the word.
The debt risk is held by the 25,000 banks in more than 200 countries that issue its cards.
American is beginning labor contract negotiations with its three unions, and relations have been rocky.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Burkhardt is survived by two daughters, Jane and Susan; a son, Ross; and two grandchildren.
The publisher said that the single-day sales were unsurpassed, even by Ms. Rowling’s “Harry Potter” books.
The revision from the initial estimate of 3.4 percent second quarter growth reflected an improving trade deficit, with stronger export sales and fewer imports.
I predict low turnout for the strike, and soon that crooked third will either accept the GPS or find a new line of work.
Mr. Cavett has eloquently missed the point.
Among the studies was one done in Utah reporting that more than 70 percent of heart attacks and other medical problems related to early heart disease involved just 14 percent of families in the state.
Get in touch.
Highlighting tensions in money markets, the ECB lent banks an extra 42.2 billion euros in temporary overnight funds on Thursday after noting that money market volatility had increased, its first such emergency operation since mid-August.
If no agreement is reached, Congressional Democrats said, they might continue the State Children’s Health Insurance Program in its current form until September or October.
But Mr. Mukasey is not viewed as a political partisan, which has troubled conservatives, many of whom were hoping the president would select Theodore B. Olsen, the former solicitor general, as his nominee.
It is insane, but I would like to make the claim that the meaning of photography is contained in these two images.
Google’s deal to purchase DoubleClick for $3.1 billion was just one of many Internet industry acquisitions over the last year.
It has a short shelf life.
The various news-men who have interviewed him have wanted to prove their macho credentials and I suppose Lee Bollinger did too.
So I think this is more for the purposes of creating a pretty picture than for being boastful.
Laguna is a half-hour drive west of Albuquerque off Interstate 40 (exit 114), and Ácoma is 20 to 25 minutes farther west from Laguna.
Among the newest arrivals is Frank Morales, the former chef at Zola, the power restaurant in Penn Quarter where he garnered rave reviews.
I could have learned all of that in three paragraphs.
“We had to proportion the wall,” he said.
In August, when I had lunch with her in Vienna, where she also has an apartment, she turned up wearing purple pumps (which matched her eye shadow), a bright orange duster and the shortest miniskirt I’ve seen anywhere except on Carnaby Street in 1969.
Who are the Latino leaders, Italian leaders, Jweish leaders, you get my point.
Boeheim was in meetings Tuesday and not immediately available for comment.
PARIS, Oct.
The intense suffering within the facility in its early years, coupled with its state of ruin, have given rise to several legends of ghostly activity.
Then Mr. Curtis’s suicide transformed him into something like a martyr.
At the end, I think Ahmedinajad looked dignified and articulate, whereas Dr. Bollinger looked like Rush Limbaugh instead of a graceful host.
This is the old Fulton Street Mall in twilight, a chaotic throwback to the era before the sanitization and, yes, mallification of New York City’s retail districts.
None of those have come on consecutive days, but that is about to change.
But many observers expect the U.S. Supreme Court to block Schwab's killing.
Mr. Obama evinces little feel for generating the leverage you’d need to make such diplomacy work.
Keep reading: I have one more post to go.
He deserved his time-out and I am not anxious to have him back on the air.
Irvington’s twin challenges, fostering growth and a modicum of prosperity while beating back blight, are apparent on 20th Avenue, where the remains of the two buildings smoldered.
One grandson has just begun studies at M.I.T., he said; the other is heading to the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
I just kept reading my book.
An F.C.C. spokesman, Clyde Ensslin, declined to comment on the issue or the case in Maryland.
Raikkonen erased a seven-point gap behind Hamilton coming into the race to finish with 110 points, one more than Hamilton and Alonso.
I work in an academic medical center and have interviewed an interventional cardiologist about the topic.
It also helps that Ms. Hass, a painter, has a studio in the meatpacking district, and Mr. Borysevicz, who makes recordings for movies and also creates artworks using sound, has a studio in Hell’s Kitchen.
I suggest you reread the book, make an appointment with Dr. Buchholz and stop whining about snickers.
The third series, called Ancient Lights, was introduced last month.
I had a tape measure that I was so proud of.
Before we could get to the highway a Provincetown squad car blocked us.They arrested me for speeding, and said that bail was 25$.
“The Ulster Defense Association believes that the war is over, and we are now in a new democratic dispensation that will lead to permanent political stability,” the group said, referring to the Catholic-Protestant administration established in May under the terms of a 1998 peace accord.
But plenty of people keep and use the hope-in-a-jar remedies.
The answer was simple: a $500 bribe.
But all of that equipment fails to hide the bulk altogether.
Moreover, a $20 million emergency fund the league set up put the union into a more defensive — and in ways defiant — posture.
Mainly because of the D. I was okay with Coughlin last year.
The problem, he said, is that because many heating systems run on fossil fuels, they develop combustion deposits that reduce their performance or even disable them.
Now divorced, Shipman travels widely and represents the United States in competitions, most recently in Italy, Turkey and Australia.
That is an optimistic outlook, but the prognosis is weeks, not months.
A log tracks their activities, including e-mail and chat correspondents and Web sites visited.
Khrushchev had not yet capitulated and Kennedy was poised for nuclear war.
At that moment, there was a sound, the sound of footsteps.
My daughter is a licensed practitioner of Chinese Medicine (Acupunture & Chinese Herbology).
Well, not until 2004.
Many also offer a free room upgrade, free parking or spa discounts.
We are in the majority.
The measure also required the Federal Reserve to establish monetary policy intended to maintain long-term growth, minimize inflation and promote price stability.
Now it is up to Beckett to try to extend the season.
After working a scoreless inning Wednesday, when the Yankees clinched a spot in the American League playoffs, Chamberlain did it again Thursday in Phil Hughes’s 3-1 victory against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays at Tropicana Field.
However, I believe that the war has now become the single largest political tool in our country, and neither party is willing to concede its position.
I am not tired at all of Hillary.
Ray Schulte, who represents the other top candidate, Don Mattingly, said he had not heard from the Yankees, either.
Officials in the United States unwittingly gave the toothpaste to prisoners, the mentally disabled and troubled youths.
But in the meantime, have a good time at “Juno.”
I must agree with my fellow countryman.
With my heart at least halfway to my mouth, I entered what looked like the courtroom on “Law and Order,” although both it and Sam Waterston were still in my future.
WHAT WAS IT?
The Military Commissions Act of 2006, which Congress passed in its final weeks under Republican control in order to negate the Supreme Court’s most recent ruling on behalf of a Guantánamo detainee, stripped all courts of jurisdiction “to hear or consider” challenges to any alien detainee’s continued detention.
In Iowa, she has set out to energize women young and old who have never participated in the caucuses.
We are in big trouble, both at home and abroad, and regardless of her background, her marital situation, her past stances on the war, her oratory style, or her suit styles, Hillary knows this.
Several years later he brought his family back to Vermont and settled on a dairy farm in Waitsfield, where he farmed until retiring in 1979.
This is total hipocrisy.
How is this benign (even beknighted?)indifference different from the uniformed foreign policies of a President, a child of wealth and privledge, who had so little interest in the world outside his own that he had no passport prior to his ascendancy?
On a lovely spring day, we were attending a bar mitzvah on the East Side.
For those with access to the originals, especially Rich (690), please note that the sun moves 15 degrees per hour.
Six months later, the 42nd Street booster Walter J. Salmon hired the new partnership to design a 60-story office building at the northwest corner of 42nd and Fifth, considered the second most valuable corner in New York — the first being the southeast corner of Wall Street and Broadway.
I let that settle in for a minute.
“The Mist,” originally published as part of Mr. King’s “Skeleton Crew” collection, is early, classic King.
Atheism’s response to Why there something instead of nothing leaves us with a fairly necessary belief in the eternality of rudimentary elements of the cosmos (tiny dots and inverted universes included).
Around the same time, Cornell University, with financing from the Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, introduced the first of two safety cars it would build.
Three other men charged in the case pleaded guilty and testified against Mr. Kilbride and Mr. Schaffer.
How do you propose that kid get her self-confidence, and how much is it really going to protect her in that environment?
Talented immigrants are crucial to American vitality, and employers are smart to woo them.
The lawyer, Farooq Naik, said he had received a two-page handwritten letter through the mail this morning, written in Urdu and saying that no woman could become prime minister.
But he understood the economics behind the N.H.L.’s decision to recommend relocating the judges.
This month, he put off retirement and agreed to a $16 million, one-year contract to play for the Yankees next season.
After the Chiefs’ sixth straight loss, he told reporters that he counsels his players to recover quickly from a loss — to get over it and move on — because they are powerless to change what has already happened but have some control over what happens next.
I beleive Zal named his dealer and avoided being deported, but left the country anyway.
In its civil complaint, the SEC said Collins helped Refco hide financial information from investors that showed a corporation controlled by Bennett owed Refco hundreds of millions of dollars.
Mr. Compton, a three-time leader of St. Lucia who became prime minister most recently in December, did not resume leadership duties after suffering a series of mild strokes in late April.
Mario Bondioli Osio, who was involved in those negotiations, said this week that he could not comment on the details until next year.
Around 9 p.m. a nursing sorority held a ceremony in support of six black teenagers from Jena, La., who supporters say were punished excessively after attacking a white student last year.
Is its coat rough, its appetite flagging, its posture hunched?
God is one who created human beings with free will and in God’s own image.
Just a shot in the dark here, and no pun intended.
Why not take the high road and let the President of Iran make a fool of himself on his own?
The ruling, by the United States International Trade Commission, a quasijudicial body that makes its determinations independently, found that the NewPage Corporation and other makers of glossy or coated paper had not been “materially injured” or “threatened with material injury” from the subsidies.
Worse for the Rockies was what came next.
The cycle of history is not inevitable, and history itself is not permanent.
Indeed, there is arguably so little evidence regarding the pictures, and the conclusions about them are so uncertain and difficult that Sontag is exposed as simply either thoughtlessly repeating a slander or inventing a new one.
The wine they contain can be deep crimson, or bright pink, or yellowish brown, and more often than not tastes of blackberry juice mixed with a little vinegar.
His band created a theme song and rock video for “Snakes on a Plane,” a 2006 horror-thriller film starring Samuel L. Jackson.
If we are s spirit than suffering of our human body can be overcome.
Mr. Gehry has had to address problems with his buildings before.
Mr. Kahn came into Shakespeare early and accidentally.
Bradley got away from Meacham, but Black grabbed him by the jersey.
My wish for 2008 is that Diablo Cody, who wrote “Juno,” and Judd Apatow, the writer-director of “Knocked Up” and producer of “Superbad,” collaborate on a hilariously naughty comedy promoting proper condom use.
11, when American forces acting on a tip surrounded some tents six miles from the Syrian border.
Writing in The New York Times Magazine in 1980, Paul Goldberger warmly praised a design by Mr. Ungers that was featured in an 1980 exhibition at the Leo Castelli Gallery in New York.
He paid $55,000 for it.
The problem is bigger than scientists had thought, and it affects nearly 140 million people in more than 70 countries, according to new research presented at the annual Royal Geographical Society meeting in London.
The Ninja ZX-14 had to be massaged to meet tighter emissions standards, especially in Europe, so Kawasaki engineers thought, “Why not ratchet up that engine output while we’re at it?”
It beat the Subway commercial onto television by about a week.
The campus was beautiful; the weather was warm; from what he could tell on Facebook, the girls were pretty; and the history program was stellar, possibly even stronger than Princeton’s for his interests.
The extreme media bias (like that of writer Andrew C. Revkin) is another area of great concern.
When John F. Kennedy addressed the issue of his Roman Catholic religion in a similar speech when he was running for president in 1960, he took hostile questions hurled at him by ministers.
So many people would be seeking jobs at any given time, this reasoning went, that wages in this country would be stuck just above subsistence levels.
We have two sons by adoption whose birth parents we neither met nor know much about.
Steve Earle, John Prine, Bonnie Raitt, Lucinda Williams, and many others clearly hardly embody the sentiments of Red State reaction.
In fact, that difference amounted to one victory every two weeks or so during the season.
When the two start dreaming of a future together, it’s heartbreaking.
The decision was made Monday night, and the governor’s staff quickly arranged for a press conference yesterday morning.
When 16 cockroaches were placed in the arena, they naturally gravitated toward the darker disc, following what the researchers believe is an internal calculation of the amount of light and the number of other roaches, finding comfort in company.
GIANTS SIGN DANIELS The Giants signed linebacker Torrance Daniels off their practice squad and released halfback Patrick Pass.
The New York Times reporters Tyler Kepner, Ben Shpigel and Jack Curry, along with their Times colleagues, will bring baseball fans inside the Yankees and Mets clubhouses.
But he added that he worried that Mr. Kadyrov’s standing was connected to his personal relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
Deprived of the libraries or smoking rooms their fathers had enjoyed, midcentury men found themselves exposed, uncozy and longing for space to fantasize.
The addiction never returned because TV had gotten so bad that I was frightened.
Gonzalez didn't get to the end zone, but he was Manning's favorite receiver.
It’s sort of like the error that people make when they try to invent a “random” sequence of numbers: much too well distributed and avoiding runs and oddities.
By the time their romantic relay winds to a close, both are sweating profusely, and the audience is delirious.
I’ve found that avoiding those foods (though it’s very difficult) does help.
He said the two events were not connected, but said the coincidence of timing led the government to re-examine its policies.
Just as Mike was finishing up with the baby powder and the final combing, the phone rang.
Place-kicker Phil Dawson has been around since the Browns returned to Cleveland, and he has seen a lot of dispiriting football.
Gettelfinger said Chrysler workers would go on strike unless negotiators reached the "basis for a tentative agreement" by 11 a.m.
The crostini plate arrives loaded with crispy baguette slices covered in hefty white beans, but the star is a crock of warm ricotta, crushed almonds and olive oil.
Manhattan Theater Club at City Center, Stage II, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212.
After his tenure, what will come of the changes his lawyers have wrought, especially their attempts to expand executive power?
Additional pyramid-shaped mirrors on the ball’s exterior capitalize on the crystal’s refraction.
People often use round objects when they’re learning to draw to see how light creates highlights and shadows.
If he then asks when was the last time they thought the patient’s memory was perfectly normal, many reply that the patient never really had a great memory.
You’re supposed to at my age be sitting around and telling stories, but I don’t feel like I want to give it up.
It was precisely that sort of requirement — that Safeway officials would continue to cooperate with investigators — that reassured state and city officials that Mr. Alvo and Mr. Adler could be cleared to work on the Deutsche Bank demolition job.
I think the author of this article has a point.
The Zismans were certainly not strangers to the idea of multiple homes.
Please, fellow Democrats.
If only Sacramento, say, were this livable!
The renovation included new wiring, redoing the plumbing and roof, and the installation of a central air-conditioning and heating system.
Eliot Spitzer's first year in office recalls another New York governor who held the position a century before him.
10, is expected to make G.M. significantly more competitive with foreign manufacturers like Toyota and Honda.
A number of the wheat board’s Australian shareholders have also filed suit.
It’s not really about Israel and the Palestinians; it’s about Iran.
As a result, argues Andrew S. Grove, the former chief executive of Intel, huge companies end up paying for their success. ¶Opportunist.
“There are so many layers of controversy and unsettled science in this it isn’t surprising we’ve struggled for so many years, and are likely to for many more,” said Dr. Alexander A. Hannenberg, an anesthesiologist in Newton, Mass., who is in line to become president of the American Society of Anesthesiology in two years.
Kipling and P. G. Wodehouse suffered, or benefited, from much the same condition: like Schulz, they were truly happy only when transported by their work.
Hillary is not a leader.
And the monetary value over time of this new consumer is even less, considering that the iPhone replaces its best market crossover product for its users: the iPod.
The theory is the first attempt to describe the mechanism of the flood.
Utilities reported that about 170,000 homes and businesses in Missouri were in the dark, as well as 100,000 in Kansas, 60,000 in Iowa and 18,000 in Illinois, according to The Associated Press.
What the M.R.I. revealed were areas that appeared bright white in the normally uniform gray of the temporal lobe on both sides of the brain.
It did not work.
“I’m not going to get more pregnant,” Emily says.
I hate to sound like I don’t have compassion or empathy.
The insurgency, though diminished, is still a factor.
There are plenty of them.
At the same time, the price of everything from drilling rigs to multibillion-dollar processing plants for oil or natural gas has double or tripled and caused project delays or cancellations.
From the little time we had so far spent with these men it was clear they teemed with a blinking, indulgent patience likely borne of their awareness of how lucky they were to have relatively remunerative jobs in a nation with a per capita income equal to the cost of two Arc’Teryx backpacks.
He opposed legislation to increase rent support for poor people, but also opposed a bill to cut anti-poverty funds.
Connie Zweig, author of “Romancing the Shadow: A Guide to Soul Work for a Vital, Authentic Life” (with Steve Wolf), “an in-depth look at our hidden, wounded selves and how they form in early childhood…often wrecking [sic] havoc on our lives.”
Such protection might require changing the existing rules, which now let insurers refuse to cover certain people, like those with pre-existing heart conditions.
Thanks for another well written and thoughtful piece.
Here, below orange and pink canopies and nightclub-tinted lighting, audience members gather for preshow cocktails, and dancers relax post-performance.
Other than Ovechkin, the team has had trouble scoring, and the problems have spread to other areas in recent games.
Certainly, consumers have embraced our mattresses and the market is moving away from the old innerspring sets, which is what gives us a lot of optimism for the future.
But even as he shored up his power base, a large bloc of opposition politicians intensified their protests against the elections by resigning from the national and provincial assemblies that will hold the vote.
In five areas — Merced, Stockton-Lodi, Modesto, El Centro and Yuba City — the median percentage of equity among homes bought in the last year is a negative number (from minus 2 percent in Yuba City to minus 13 percent in Merced).
By Rosemary Mahoney.
But until the late 18th century, their work had been almost entirely theoretical, for ancient monarchies ruled, and constitutions were unwritten.
Dr. James D. King, a family physician in Selmer, Tenn., estimates that 50 to 70 percent of his Medicare patients hit the doughnut hole — at which point they switch to generics, ask for free samples or simply stop taking their medicine.
And model son.
At Yin Yu Tang, by contrast, the basic layout lasted two centuries, despite vast changes in the family’s circumstances.
Mr. Cantor said both schools had been in good standing under federal standards since at least the 2003-4 school year.
Conveniently, Russia’s Constitution puts the prime minister in direct line to succeed the country’s president, should that job description prove too much for Mr. Putin’s successor to handle.
Her quest had all the elements of a fairy tale — handsome princes, creepy monsters and benevolent dwarfs — except for the crucial happy ending.
Relatively calm seas, the slow pace of the Explorer’s sinking and its proximity to other ships and military rescue forces all helped ensure that the episode was not a disaster, at least in human terms.
Mr. Drummond has talked to sisters and brothers and cousins, and cops who busted the band.
He turns those whom Ms. Broadus pays to mind him against her, and ignores her commands to rethink his greasy diet.
He lives in Buenos Aires.
Correction to my last emai: not 19, but #20, Mr. Smith.
If the cannonballs were newly fired, you would expect at least some to wind up in that footpath or in the viewer’s right edge of the road – none do.
There was an abundance of ammonites, considered index organisms of the uppermost Cretaceous environment.
I think what I am left is with is the issue of responsibility.
Last year, the company sold more than 10,000 licenses, which range in cost from $779 for one teacher to $3,249 for an entire school.
Sister station WSKQ 97.9 dropped from No. 4 to No. 7.
It was the garden and courtyard outside her cabin at Treekape Artists Colony.
The university wanted to re-establish local connections.
One false move and the leg would break off.
19 after a sharp increase in the price of fuel.
I hung up and staggered to the dinette.
Evacuees grasped for any shred of news, any word on whether they had won the wildfire lottery or lost.
He said he was working to obtain commitments from both governments and carmakers.
Whoever it is, his mission will be to beat Ohio State.
There was geniune policy with Nixon when he opened the door to China and brought them into the 20th century.
The play originally opened in London in 1992.
Federal Reserve officials and other economists — looking at fresher barometers of economic activity — have warned that the economy is in for a rough patch.
And it seems that the once maligned member of the four major food groups, chocolate, is not the culprit it was once thought.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct.
A former vice president and an unpaid network of climate scientists laboring in obscurity for nearly 20 years shared the Nobel Peace Prize today.
During the lost season, he gained the nickname Fragile Fred, which stuck for a few years.
By reviving eggs and producing active bacteria from different layers that correspond to different times, in two- to four-year increments back to about 40 years ago, Dr. Decaestecker was able to test how the organisms evolved in relation to each other.
There is an auditorium in which I sat watching a home movie featuring a pack of barking dogs.
Smith & Nephew, paying $28.9 million, issued a statement from David Illingworth, its chief executive.
He graduated from Princeton and received his medical degree from St. Bartholomew’s Hospital in London in 1938.
He said the bank, whose level of residential lending in the first eight months was 55 percent higher than a year earlier, had been more aggressive than some of its rivals in using “wholesale funding” rather than deposits to back its loans.
My father is my idol.
He knocks rather than sweeps women off their feet, and his latest playmate, Mrs. Mak (Tang Wei), likes it that way.
Today, when parents want to be their child’s friends, stylists and social directors, the critiquing can be as brutal as it is in school.
With the next season of “Lost” (which begins in February) only half finished, ABC has a big decision to make: Should it show the episodes that are done?
He lost.
It’s all composed, hence ‘posed’ in some sense.
The Patriots and Red Sox are lording over football and baseball, and the Celtics are finally rearmed, dangerous and possibly ready to challenge for a 17th N.B.A. title.
Several giants explored 12-tone technique as well: not only Stravinsky, whose move into the enemy camp shook up the world of modern music, but also Messiaen and Copland.
I pity the person who sees you as a psychotherapist.
It posits that there was a master conspiracy to play on the alleged Klan-like prejudices of American voters, when there is no evidence of that conspiracy.
For shellfish it's paradise, with cold, clean water that's not sullied by coastal industry and has an optimal degree of salinity, thanks to its partial protection from the open sea.
When humans arrived 1,000 years ago from other South Pacific islands, they used fire to clear the forests, starting an erosion of the kiwi’s habitat that gathered speed over time.
The construction scaffolding will remain into 2008.
The schools chancellor, Joel I. Klein, said he saw plenty of good news in the federal scores, drawing attention to the fourth-grade math results during a news conference.
“I’m very interested in how you reach and implement decisions in a very efficient way,” she said.
A two-page advertisement in Monday’s Daily Variety, for instance, described “Ratatouille” as “the best-reviewed film of the year ... around the world.”
His IQ is extremely high, and he has no behavior problems, only daydreaming in school and little motivation to do homework.
Mr. Noble also declared a famous ancient Greek horse statue in the Met’s collection to be bogus after noticing a seam running around the tip of the horse’s nose.
When I saw it one film came to mind right away, Symphonie Diagonale.
This breakdown of trust between politicians and reporters, however, probably had less to do with Cramer’s influence than with the moment in American politics he just happened to capture.
Mrs. Clinton’s answer to the question posed was more honest and truthful and well thought through.
DETROIT, Nov.
Stares.
I feel sorry for him.
I use acupuncture, from yes, a gifted acupuncturist, and it sounds like I have way better success that you have.
This month is likely to be a record-setter for high temperatures in New York and the Northeast.
Perhaps if I still wore a uniform I would feel differently, I might get glares or comments, but because I too am a civilian, I haven’t faced any hostility or felt unappreciated on a regular basis.
I well remember the show - (what was I, three years old?) - I didn’t feel sorry for Norman Mailer, but, appalled it was so, *identified* with him!
Judge Thomas L. Nadeau acknowledged that some records might be relevant, although he displayed concern that the information might be used to smear Mr. Kervick.
That excitement quickly dwindled when he saw the look on the face of his wife, Missy, who had spent the morning looking at local real estate.
Some question the conventional explanation of a single large impact that enveloped Earth in a cloud of dust and almost instantaneously brought on a deadly global winter.
You neglect to consider that the intelligent Mr. Imus breathed that label into the microphone, apparently tone deaf to the compounding effect of characterization of a symbolic group (yes, a woman’s sports team is one) to women and men throughout the U.S. who are sick and tired of women being characterized by men with demeaning labels.
The rest of the condemnations are just claptrap and more likely spurred by envy and fake outrage.
When you deal with their sort of logic I can see why you might get confused.
Elizabeth Kucinich, the British-born wife of a Democratic presidential candidate, Representative Dennis J. Kucinich of Ohio, was also at the forum.
Free.
Canadian Soldiers are a type of bug.
As he turned frescoes on public buildings to universal themes, he melded elements from European masters and Modernists with pre-Hispanic forms and designs to create his own pictorial language.
Jeff Bridges: Giorgio Armani blazer.
In one of the Nixon tapes in which he’s conversing with Kissinger, it’s right after his re-election and he recalls a congratulatory call he got from David Ben-Gurion (first prime minister of Israel) who said something to the effect of crediting him with “creating a world in which we can all live together”.
At least that’s my opinion.
You can rationalize anything.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
As a writer, I really applaud Ms. Warner for the way she’s kicked her ego right down the stairs and told the truth.
Blackwater is pursuing a bold legal strategy, going so far in a North Carolina case as to seek a gag order on the lawyers for the families of four Blackwater employees killed in an ambush in Falluja in 2004.
To Julian’s bewilderment, it turns out sex wasn’t the lure at all; it was “Nightline.”
I would buy a PS3 if Sony were to do the following.
A four-count indictment unsealed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington after Kopiloff's arrest stated that he used P2P software such as Limewire and Soulseek to snoop for and steal identity, banking and credit information belonging to users on file-sharing networks.
As seatmates and I would chat about work, some of the braver female passengers would ask me for advice or for an in-flight makeover.
JUNOT DÍAZ is up on the highest hill in Rome, the gift of a writing fellowship, far from the gritty neighborhood in Parlin, near Perth Amboy, where he grew up.
The boxes were thick with papers and pictures of our (adoptive) parents looking much younger than now.
PERSONAL SPACES: Situated on the upper level, the master bedroom has wall-to-wall oversized windows with mountain and lake views.
In the foreground, onlookers, some with children in tow, mill around in grim satisfaction.
The Kindle goes online using Sprint’s 3G cellular data network — the same service that costs $60 a month for corporate laptop luggers.
Our sixth-grade English teacher became the inadvertent object of our mirth the day we caught her tugging at a corset strap that had strayed from the sleeve of her shirt.
You are not as clever as you think.
If nothing else I hope that there will ensue a serious discussion into the myriad factors surrounding any behavioural ‘disease’.
I can only imagine the great experiences that are to come.
Justin’s life turns into a constant struggle to defend Raja without having to publicly stand up for him.
I happened to read, in a local paper, today a story about people who sought to adopt babies from Guatemala.
The load-in on a big show can last weeks and cost well over $1 million.
If a girl is going to have any real choice, one option must be to carry the child to term and give it up for adoption, then return to school (if she had to drop out at all).
And today, in science, more and more, photographs are the data.
When a caller told him to grow up, Mr. Giuliani interrupted.
Mr. Collin and his team of editors treat the sparse physical evidence of Mr. Ayler’s life as the filmic equivalent of a melodic through-line in jazz, staging areas from which to mount improvisations: a montage of newsreel footage of bustling Stockholm thoroughfares, circa 1960; blurry, weirdly poetic details from snapshots and home movies; oft-repeated images of the white-bearded Ayler blowing his sax.
But Cameron did mind, and he was not happy during the 2005 season.
“You can sell it in a few years and buy a bigger place in another neighborhood,” Sue, my real estate savvy stepmom, said reassuringly.
Several free-associate, making their way through the alphabet and suggesting words to match each letter.
Perhaps they can form a support group with Badgers and Buckeyes fans.
Signs that Iraqis are returning in something less than a reverse exodus.
But Mr. Cusack is not one to relinquish the spotlight without a fight.
It would seem reasonable that had that many balls fallen during the photo shoot (especially the one in the very foreground in the ditch in the bottom left hand corner), this would have been mentioned in the letter to his wife.
Yet there is meant to be ensemble interaction as well: The work is like a jam session in which the riffs are prescribed but the timing is improvised.
Stern repeated criticism of the mayor and the city council for promoting a measure, passed by voters, that requires funds to help build an arena earn money at the same rate as a treasury bill.
The Yankees need help in the bullpen, and a name to remember is the right-hander LaTroy Hawkins, who had a 3.42 earned run average for Colorado last season.
“This seems like sort of a psychological opportunity,” said George A. Fertitta, the chief executive of NYC & Company, referring to the parity of the two currencies.
“Very few businesses will stay in business ripping off their customers,” Tony Molla, a spokesman for the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence, argued after I sent him the study.
At least 300 daily papers have stopped publishing over the past 30 years.
“Tales of Terror” is still lots of fun; Price is paired with Peter Lorre for an adaptation of “The Black Cat” that veers almost immediately into “The Cask of Amontillado.”
More women and their babies die during childbirth than anywhere else in the region.
One idea: get Cavett back on TV to help educate and unite the masses.
I don’t want to see that the oceans rose another few inches and the planet has reached the point of no return because we couldn’t find a way to stop ourselves from buying oil from dictators.
But if OFF is posed, it’s posed because of the absence of something.
Nothing Hillary has proposed is such a huge shocker as you make it out to be, Judith.
When they get a Bratz doll for their birthday they can keep it and there is a box of Barbies in the house.
An earlier plan by a company controlled by the Chinese government to acquire a Canadian mine operator provoked considerable controversy in Canada.
The 22,700-pound module, measuring 23 feet long and 15 feet in diameter, will significantly increase the station’s research capability and represents the chief European contribution to the international project.
Since that scene never comes, you close this otherwise estimable novel feeling oddly cheated.
New companies with deep ethnic links — mainly Indian and Chinese — are sprouting up in the Valley.
Her father was once a professor at a military space academy in St. Petersburg, and she is a member of the Russian Space Federation (“for the cultural propaganda of cosmonauts,” as she put it).
Opens on Nov.
Despite its imposing name, a hydrocolloid is a simple thing.
To his online supporters, the responsibility lies with them.
One truck driver was unaccounted for, and authorities were worried that more may be missing.
There seems to be little chance that Mr. Bush will appoint the sort of attorney general that the nation needs, a job that includes enforcing voting rights laws and civil rights laws and ensuring that criminal prosecutions are done fairly.
And for the show’s two-part 100th-episode celebration Mr. Jones was called upon to write a lengthy parody of Gilbert and Sullivan’s “I’ve Got a Little List,” performed by the “Family Guy” homicidal baby, Stewie, and a jingle for a fictitious product called Hilary Swank’s Breast Milk.
“Here you had two dead daughters, two grieving mothers and a woman who had the tremendous courage to go in and examine what was going on,” said John Priddy, one of the executive producers.
Why Myrtle Beach?
Melt butter in a large skillet or sauté pan over low heat; set aside.
The magazine devoted four pages to the topic — and just one paragraph noting that Dr. Keys’s diet advice was “still questioned by some researchers.”
Jonathan Golub joined Bear Stearns & Company as a chief investment strategist and senior managing director, succeeding Francois Trahan.
Giving them free will does not make me (or God) evil.
His column appears at least twice monthly in this section.
15.
Ever since, “Back Seat Dodge ’38” has drawn crowds.
My dad had a real dislike of Tricky Dick and lucky for him did not live long enough to have to endure this gangster for a president.
Did I miss…?
Not content with the success of his own label, he tirelessly promoted other Austrian winemakers while advising younger colleagues in the industry on techniques and on marketing their wines internationally.
“The unions there are struggling to keep up with the changing structure of the industry,” Mr. Hurd said.
While there has been speculation as to whether Local 1’s parent union, the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, would authorize a strike by the local, union officials say it is unclear whether that authorization is needed if a contract is imposed.
But in investigating the background of the lonely veteran from the Bronx, Calverton officials found a discrepancy: Somewhere along the line — whether by identity theft or clerical error — he had come to bear the identity of Willie Hayes, he of the honorable discharge.
The company performed irregularly in New York City; like its founder, it has been a quiet presence on the city’s dance scene.
TOULOUSE , France, Oct.
Population is rising.
He also met a half sister, yet another sibling he did not know existed.
Harold Ryan, president and studio head of Bungie, said that he had been working for months on a plan to separate the studio from Microsoft, based in nearby Redmond, Wash.
Cooper’s doughty, densely written books, whose readers nowadays are mainly graduate students in American studies, look back on a society in transition, captured at a moment when a rough, provisional way of life is giving way to something more stable, more modern.
Information: bbg.org.
“Apparently you don’t need those things to sell them,” Mr. Perry said.
He was a state senator for almost 20 years, 4 of them as Senate Democratic leader.
No matter what Iran’s President has done, it does not come close to what our government has done in the name of democracy.
Earlier this year, after the United States filed its case, Chinese officials complained it would not help cooperation between the two countries.
And there is special cause for worry in our business.
Let’s say the suppression of scientific informaton is, as the president’s science advisor has said, a universal feature of all administrations.
Nureyev was never, technically, the best classical male dancer of his era — Mikhail Baryshnikov was more agile, Peter Martins was more fluid, Fernando Bujones had better line and feet, and others were superior partners — but he led the way for them all.
By firing Mr. Maheras’s top lieutenants and placing Mr. Pandit in charge of revitalizing the bank, Mr. Prince lost what support he might have had even though it was a move that many saw as necessary given Citigroup’s losses.
It is a kind and charitable donation to our world that would make Pat proud.
And thank you for the article.
BLACKHAWKS 3, BLUES 2 Patrick Sharp scored two short-handed goals in the third period for visiting Chicago.
“They chose West 149th Street between Convent and Amsterdam, and within two weeks they were just like, ‘Listen, I can’t live here.’
The second act gave him a chance to soar, in elegant airborne dancing that perfectly complemented Ms. Jaiani’s drive and tenderness.
“But he’s the one that’s responsible,” retorted Maj. Michael J. Zinno, 40, a military planner who worked at the headquarters of the Coalitional Provisional Authority, the former American civilian administration in Iraq.
As always your punchline was worth waiting for.
The film depicts Wiley’s most glorious chapter: 1935, when the black poet and professor Melvin B. Tolson coached his debating team to a national championship.
But can you imagine a private entity spending hundreds of millions dollars to develop the most incredible technology of the century, and then GIVING it away, and then PAYING for the privilege of using it?
For example, 45 percent of the sales of the companies in the S.& P. 500 are now being generated overseas.
When the ghost and Redlaw agree to a Faustian bargain involving the achievement of happiness through the erasure of memory, Milly’s charitable instincts, as well as those of many around her, are sorely tested.
“Things Are Going to Change, I Can Feel It” is at the Tank at Collective: Unconscious through Dec.
Sad to say it..
Today, South Lake Tahoe prices remain significantly lower than those across the lake and state border, but high-end lakefront houses there can sell for about $3.5 million, and there are occasional sales of over $10 million.
A major Senate reform bill collapsed in rancor in June, and every effort to revive innocuous bits of it, like a bill to legalize exemplary high school graduates, has been crushed.
Silva (11-13) was hit hard in a two-run fourth, but he held on and struck out four while giving up eight hits and three runs without a walk.
But that’s not the main problem with this idea.
Well, this is unlikely but a good engineer would have to say it is not impossible and in my initial post I admit that the rock position change is my smoking gun but cannot constitute absoulte proof.
Mr. Reid said he did not expect to hear anything surprising from General Petraeus.
Then came the World Series championship in 2004 that the mayor thought he might not live to see.
But thanks to skyrocketing coastal real estate prices and an influx of property owners who prefer an acre of backyard to meager square footage with an ocean view, the county’s population now tops out at around 300,000, a startling number for a place that not long ago was mostly forest and pastureland.
I didn’t know it then, but that was, in all likelihood, the last small-town American Veterans Day parade to feature a World War I veteran.
All of this is undoubtedly well intended, but will it be well attended?
Another Formula One veteran, the Canadian Jacques Villeneuve, has signed to compete for Bill Davis Racing next season.
The Vermont Food Bank said its supply of food was down 50 percent from last year.
Mr. Gore’s part-time duties will entail investigating the growth potential of start-up companies focused on the alternative energy sector, and then weighing in on whether Kleiner Perkins should finance those companies.
For the ASPCA benefit, any participating gallery that sells pictures, jewelry, silver, rugs or decorative objects with animal motifs has agreed to donate 5 percent of the proceeds through Nov.
It poisoned the waters, they said, between the governor and his natural allies.
A diverse community of about 42,000, Parkchester is situated on a 129-acre site bordered by East Tremont Avenue on the north, White Plains Road on the west, McGraw and Starling Avenues on the south and Purdy Street on the east.
Filmmakers must wait at least six months to get their allotted time at a theater or screen their films in rented school auditoriums.
Foaled at Golden Chance Farms in Kentucky in 1975, John Henry was considered ''small'' and ''bad-tempered.''
It’s a shame Rutu was so self-absorbed!
With every flap of the blue Paramount flag, another tidbit slips down Melrose Avenue to Ago, where the lunch crowd can tell you who had coffee with him yesterday at the studio’s own Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, and what that supposedly means.
Throughout most of his 20 years of living in the East Village, Mr. Power found ways to survive on little money, sleeping on couches and living in basements.
Although the senator received only 38.4 percent of the vote in his bid to unseat President Lyndon B. Johnson, he did carry five traditionally Democratic states in the South — Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi and South Carolina — as well as his home state.
Of course, there are certain times a parent must say “I don’t care what Johnny’s mother says,” but you can’t do it every time just because you don’t like the current societal norms.
The rush into retail banking reflects a fundamental shift by the industry.
One good argument of several, yes, but still not foolproof, not definitive.
It dropped.
But mostly Ms. Zimmerman has imaginative staging ideas and elicits nuanced portrayals from the cast.
It was not a slap; neither was it a punch.
All are cataloged and available in the Benson Ford Research Center.
Directed by Tom Brady; written by Ed Yeager and Joey Gutierrez, based on a story by John Aboud, Michael Colton, Adam Jay Epstein and Andrew Jacobson; director of photography, Anthony B. Richmond; edited by Alan Edward Bell; music by Christopher Lennertz; production designer, Marc Fisichella; produced by Peter Abrams, Andrew Panay and Robert L. Levy; released by Fox Atomic.
The last photographs taken of the events that day show Allende incongruously dressed in a business suit while wearing a military helmet and carrying an AK-47, surrounded by his personal guards.
In “The Genius of America,” Eric Lane and Michael Oreskes also rue the increase of presidential power at Congress’s expense.
Those billions will be seeking food, water and other resources on a planet where, scientists say, humans are already shaping climate and the web of life.
Mr. Fish sees the question as simple, perhaps because he doesn’t appreciate the complexity of Melville’s work and characters.
Next year will see even more open-wheel champions at Nascar’s top level, including former Formula One champion Jacques Villeneuve, and the last two IndyCar champions, Sam Hornish Jr. and Dario Franchitti.
The Chieftess should hire you as a guide through the murky political jungle she has so skillfully, up to now, progressed.
Comments, please.
America’s Top Model has never cast it’s pall over our house.
New tax relief must be paid for, either by raising taxes elsewhere or by cutting government benefits like Medicare or Social Security that cover everyone who is eligible.
His honors include six Goyas, Spain’s top film award, and a Prince of Asturias Prize for the Arts.
“People Say” and “Just Kissed My Baby” sounded rugged and sharp, and “Cissy Strut” was nearly a showstopper.
And after the victory, “I just may need to keep wearing it,” Baker said.
According to the institute, the index for new orders rose to 52.6 in November from 52.5 in October, while production expanded to 51.9 in November from 49.6 in October.
On the whole, players were relaxed in speaking about their religious convictions but said that faith was not a requirement for peer approval.
Wonderful.
I’m not sure whether an entire institution merits substantial scrutiny because 1 in 25 professors uses his or her teaching post as a political platform.
A late sell-off sent stock markets down sharply yesterday, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing at its lowest level since April.
My daughter, who died of bulemia in 1994, was a child of the seventies and struggled with the pressures to fit in all her life.
Judge Mukasey expressed his own views on the subject in August in an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal in which he argued that our legal system is “strained and mismatched,” and implored Congress to consider “several proposals for a new adjudicatory framework.”
“The Killing Kind,” an overlooked independent release from 1973, has been unearthed by the resourceful Chicago-based company Dark Sky Films, and it proves to be one of Harrington’s most insinuating movies.
But such quibbles are forgotten every time Mr. McCraney surprises you with a sudden burst of poetry or, as is often the case, song.
Citing local news media, the agency said Mr. Gil, 65, had not set a date for his resignation.
Its Hong Kong shares were up 0.5 percent at HK$6.23 on Tuesday. -- Industrial & Commercial Bank of China bought 90 percent of PT Bank Halim Indonesia last December. -- Bank of China paid $965 million last December for Singapore Aircraft Leasing Enterprise Pte Ltd. -- In July, China Development Bank, which lends at the direction of the government, bought a 3.1 percent stake in Barclays Plc for 2.2 billion euros ($3.1 billion). -- China Minsheng Banking Corp said this month it will buy 9.9 percent of San Francisco-based UCBH Holdings for more than $200 million in the first investment by a mainland Chinese commercial bank in a U.S. bank.
They are absent from OFF.
A Long Island man appealing his convictions for the grisly 1988 murders of his parents sent court papers yesterday accusing prosecutors of a cover-up, alleging that they concealed two important new witnesses and suppressed their testimony about who they say are the real killers.
Fenton was there – freezing his butt off and getting in the mud and everything else.
When the study focused on the 20 largest cities, the presence of fast-food chains near schools was even more obvious.
But for Disney failure doesn’t just mean taking a multimillion-dollar bath.
How sad, that people like Dick Cavett and Don Imus are the ones being labeled racist.
Both The Herald and The New York Times reported that the new building was to be neo-Gothic, but the church that opened in 1859 was Renaissance in style.
He can either grant it with all its provisions or deny it.
He said there was other information in the letter that led to yesterday’s guilty plea.
Annie switches between Dr. Francine and Dr. Virginia during long commercials for anti-itch powder and ointments guaranteed to cure various sores.
He will take turns spelling Guerrero in right field and Garret Anderson in left and being the designated hitter, which means he will be the D.H. most of the time.
Far more important, it discounted earlier rulings saying that states had to be able to prove “a compelling state interest” for any actions that infringed on religious practice.
Dalia Sofer, the author of “The Septembers of Shiraz”; Liesl Schillinger on Tessa Hadley; Stephen Metcalf on political conversions.
SETTING: 20 minutes south of the Ketchum and the Sun Valley recreational areas, the house overlooks River Park, a 75-acre wildlife habitat, and offers access to Big Wood River.
That issue has been suspended until another case cited by eBay’s lawyers goes through appeal.
His F.B.I. handler, R. Lindley DeVecchio, has been charged with helping Mr. Scarpa commit four murders in the 1980s and early 1990s by disclosing confidential information.
Stanford is 3-6 this season, with an upset of Southern California.
Last month, the happiness committee surprised lawyers, paralegals and assistants in the Washington office with milkshakes from a local Potbelly Sandwich Works, a favorite lunch spot.
It’s stunning how many people (after the fact) denounce the Phoenix airport police for not showing more sympathy.
The response to an appearance on a comedy show was devoid of any sense of humor whatsoever.
It is essentially this lot that has misled Musharraf.
It was sufficient, the rules said, if the school system failed to provide an appropriate, free alternative.
Almost any hair salon, especially during ball season, will have a ballfrisuren, someone skilled in ball-worthy up-dos, available on Saturdays and Sundays.
Cavett built his show-biz personna on the conceit that he was a cut above the common flock, thus his eagerness to ingratiate himself with the Imus crowd whom he portrays as havng been a fit salon for his intellectual meanderings.
Writing comment on Revkin’s blog is one of my weapon to fight with global warming.
It’s rare to see the great stone face of Arthur Miller crumble into laughter, rarer still for his family dramas to acknowledge the Jewish roots from which they sprang.
The first person known to climb a mountain for purely aesthetic purposes was the poet Petrarch, but his torch remained unpassed for centuries.
He also plans to celebrate Mass for members of religious orders at St. Patrick’s Cathedral on April 19.
He became the first driver to win four straight in a season since Gordon did in 1998, and his season victory total is the most since Gordon won 13 races that same year.
But it can’t impart the hard information and background with the efficiency of a written text.
Only Penn State’s Joe Paterno (42 years), Florida State’s Bobby Bowden (32) and Virginia Tech’s Frank Beamer (21) have longer tenures.
At that moment, one option for the judge presiding at the trial was to say, “Mr. DeVecchio, you are now free to go,” and to leave it at that.
The court reaffirmed that Microsoft, the world’s largest software maker, had abused its market power and said the company must obey a 2004 European Commission order to share confidential computer code with competitors.
Pinot gris is a grape, and a wine, with an identity crisis.
This film is not rated.
And neither turn Helen from a generic, high-concept madwoman into a recognizable human being.
Some seek to preclude that discussion by suggesting that animals do not experience these things “as we do”.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which moves inversely to the price, rose to 4.10 percent, from 4.07 percent on Monday.
By the same token, a country that closed its airwaves for 17 years to one of its foremost musical patriots (so called by no less an authority than Johnny Cash) has some explaining to do.
This blog will cover tournaments and events, trends and developments.
It was just before 10 a.m., and Bonnie McCullough and Brenda Adelson were immersed in a vocabulary lesson with their class of 18 fifth graders.
Those feelings have never left.
I work full time, my wife works part-time and I spend every possible minute with our daughter.
Properties in her price range, if they exist at all, routinely come without finished walls or stoves.
What do I do now??
But the audience included Durant’s parents and his agent, part of his extensive support system.
Do you believe this violates the president’s constitutional powers? 4.
Signs that Iraqis are returning in something less than a reverse exodus.
Weather conditions were close to ideal.
He loves school now and is at the top of his class.
Just hit the scam button and all is forgotten.
According to Mr. Kapur, International’s dealer network, and a recession, were responsible for the company’s decision to leave the passenger vehicle market.
Throughout the nation’s prison system to which so very many sufferers of mental illness are condemned, there are more suicides than we would like to admit — this despite some draconian measures that are taken to prevent embarrassing suicides.
“I worry about her getting sick anyway, but I don’t want her to catch something that will make her very, very ill,” said Kelli Stammen about her 2-year-old daughter, who attends city-sponsored recreation and library classes in Grove City, Ohio, where a 17-year-old high school student was put in intensive care unit in September with a staph infection.
Properties shown on a given tour range from $150,000 Panama City condominiums to large beachfront houses at $2 million.
At one point in June, the State Department reported as many as 2.95 million passport applications were pending, even as more were flooding in.
Officials said an object found in a men’s bathroom during a routine security sweep prompted the action.
The glad mobs, forming polite, cheerful scrums before these stately paintings of people with vegetable faces and fish eyes seem to recognize in Arcimboldo something of the French impulse to bring order to everything.
There is also no additional trackwork where these soldiers put over 300 pounds of metal on a wooden cart.
Like humans, birds typically get some sleep every day.
Elite runners need to feel every sensation, Larsen and other top coaches said, in order to keep their form and adjust their pace or strategy.
In the thick of the rush, news reports most often used the word “smooth” to describe the scene at airports — including this one in The New York Times.
Wait a Minute.
I had more unresolved childhood pain than I realized.
Because 2007 models with the old window stickers and mileage ratings will be sold for a while alongside 2008 models with the new stickers and ratings, some confusion is inevitable.
The Israelis are also worried that even if they can negotiate a final settlement — which will be put on a shelf while it is carried out over a number of years — a change in Palestinian leadership or a victory of Hamas could mean that efforts to carry it out stop and that even such a “final” agreement becomes just another starting point for Palestinian demands.
Adding cannonballs to the road was a simple solution.
Holliday, 27, came close to perfection for the Colorado Rockies this season, leading the National League with a .340 average and 137 runs batted in while ranking fourth with 36 homers.
My kids also never had lengthy, commercial-inspired Christmas lists.
Yet by the end of the semester, the plebes have learned to take delight in such painstaking attention to the words and sounds of poetry: in the “sessions of sweet silent thought” of Shakespeare’s Sonnet 30, the “luscious clusters” of Andrew Marvell’s “Garden,” the “savage servility” of Robert Lowell’s “For the Union Dead,” the “concupiscent curds” of Stevens’s “Emperor of Ice-Cream” — the more outrageous the better.
SMDC Health System of Duluth, Minn., a nonprofit system of 17 clinics and four hospitals, forbids drug sales representatives to make unannounced visits or provide free drug samples, gifts or food.
And in both performances, thanks to the strict but calm delivery of the entire company (12 different dancers each time), I kept spotting new details and connections in the choreography.
But while blogs may be useful to many more small businesses, even blogging experts do not recommend it for the majority.
One thing not mentioned in the article is that OFF’s existence would seem to show that a mechanism was in place for clearing shot off the road.
For me, the letter that most viscerally suggests that James had an active sexual life is one that he wrote late in his life to the young novelist Hugh Walpole.
I received a postcard that was evidently from a pilot who shared this rather mischievous admission: “When passengers ignore the ‘stay in your seats’ sign, I create my own turbulence.”
Already, ethanol producers are poised to outpace that mandate, with capacity expected to reach 7.8 billion gallons by the end of 2007 and 11.5 billion gallons by 2009, although some in the industry are now predicting that the expansion could slow.
Insurgents ambushed NATO-led forces in the mountainous Korangal Valley in eastern Kunar Province late Thursday, leaving two alliance soldiers dead and three others wounded, officials said.
Jones, who had not been expected to attend yesterday’s hearing, would not be sentenced until after testifying, Langford said.
If these conservative finger-pointers believe that their position as professor is to indoctrinate their students with their own personal political or religious beliefs, or if they believe that the exposure to a variety of different ideas and viewpoints is somehow threatening and is itself some form of “indoctrination”, then there are plenty of places for them to be happy in the world: at institutions such as Oral Roberts, Liberty, Bob Jones, to name just a few.
Dr. Macchiarola later pointed out that the crowd was Albanian, not Italian; that Albanians tended not to vote in high numbers; and that when they did vote, they tended not to like Italians.
I would like to propose a contest to the Times’ readership — an invitation to order the photographs and to propose reasons why they must be in that order.
TOKYO — On a narrow Tokyo street, near a beef bowl restaurant and a pachinko parlor, Aya Tsukioka demonstrated new clothing designs that she hopes will ease Japan’s growing fears of crime.
And then there is the soul-destroying act of campaigning itself.
Between 10,000 and 14,000 people were evacuated from their homes.
If other parts of the world want to kill themselves off, that’s their busy.
We do not give him medication because it makes our job as parents easier, or because it makes the school’s job easier.
He slept in two-hour stretches in order to record his dreams.
Todd Jones, the Detroit closer, said the Rockies should consider traveling to Arizona to their instructional site to ensure good weather for practice.
He served in the Merchant Marine from 1981 until the early 1990s, working on several ships, among them the Texaco Maryland, the Export Challenger, the Austral Puritan and Sealift China Sea.
The institute estimates that 9,000 lives could be saved if drivers with a blood alcohol level of 0.08 or more were prevented from driving.
It's an older, sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd, if that's your thing.
But Mr. Brown has surprised the country in the three months since he became prime minister, not only by demonstrating that he is capable of telling the occasional joke but also by deftly handling a series of crises, including a thwarted terrorist bombing and the worst flooding to strike Britain in more than 150 years.
Ms. Jacobson casually mentioned that Mr. Shor, the fabled New York saloonkeeper, was her grandfather.
The journal released the results to coincide with a presentation by researchers at the global scientific conference of the American Heart Association, which begins here today.
Negotiations have been going on for 12 to 18 months, she said.
He especially relishes the view to the east at night, bright with the colorful lights of Times Square.
The police have used a similar tactic in Macy’s, where some customers had complained that their bags were being rifled through while they tried on shoes.
Secondly, universities are forward looking institutions, training people for the future.
Fenton says that he stayed about an hour and a half and got two pictures, but I believe the interval between the two photographs was determined not by the time it took to prepare the two plates, but by the time needed to place the cannonballs on to or to take the cannonballs off of the road.
He has collected more than $150 million in cash and stock over eight years to serve as the bank’s elder statesman, meeting with important clients and building relationships with government and business leaders around the world, though his contract states that he is to have no daily operational responsibilities.
Several esteemed elementary schools that middle-class parents often factor in to their real estate decisions — including Public School 6 on the Upper East Side, P.S. 87 on the Upper West Side, P.S. 234 in TriBeCa and P.S. 321 in Park Slope, Brooklyn, — received B’s.
The Devil (Ray Wise) shows up to collect and turns out to be suave, even oily, and not without a sense of humor.
According to her site, lesliesansone.com, her business is worth $200 million.
6 during a traffic stop.
But the moment was brief.
Saturn Aura Hybrid — This Green Line Hybrid was introduced at the Los Angeles show a year ago and is now on sale, although Saturn says availability is limited.
On Saturday, he was widely believed to be leaning toward selecting the lieutenant governor, James E. Risch.
But what if instead of 30 minutes, it was three hours?
“Now falling on your sword, that is much more difficult, Mr. Kiev added.
Mr. Chertoff said the administration was doing “as much administratively as we can, within the boundaries of existing law” to crack down on illegal immigration, but he called on Congress to revisit legislation to give legal status to illegal immigrants and to impose even tougher enforcement measures.
At least, that was how it seemed six weeks earlier, on a blue-sky September day, when four of Team Inept’s members and some of their wives and children attached tires to the chassis of the soapbox entry in Mr. Murphy’s garage.
Neil Bush followed up with an e-mail message telling the district that “in order for the schools to keep the Cows in subsequent years they will have to pay an annual fee of $1,000,” according to documents obtained by the citizens group.
The Bills presented Dana with a jersey bearing No. 100 during his training camp visit, and he chatted with Drew Bledsoe, the Buffalo quarterback, comparing eras eight decades apart.
But it was in downtown clubs that he found his calling.
I approached Morris’s challenge by studying a triangle created by the first cannonball directly above the “H” in Humanitites, the rock cluster (one rock larger than the other) above the “a” and the “n” in Ransom and higher than the first cannonball, and the cannonball about equidistant above and slightly to the left of the first cannonball.
The rule was, never volunteer.
He rushed starlets and enjoyed many a long night’s drunk along red carpets in his guise as aspiring gossip pusher.
The collapse at Crandall Canyon trapped six miners, who are presumed dead.
But that is expected to change next season when the Joe Gibbs Racing drivers Tony Stewart, Denny Hamlin and Kyle Busch switch to Toyota.
Three counts allege that he ordered retaliatory investigations against several citizens who criticized him on a local blog, www.fingerlakes1.com.
29, the British Broadcasting Corporation reported.
Also on Monday, in southern Iraq, Shiite insurgents attacked bases used by Polish, American and Iraqi forces with mortars and other guns.
Of course, America’s close ties with Israel compound its problems with Arabs and Muslims.
OUT STEALING HORSES.
A zombielike procession of clubgoers starts at about 5 a.m.
From 2000 to 2006, remittances grew to nearly $24 billion a year from $6.6 billion, rising more than 20 percent some years.
According to court papers, he had two aliases, Sabbirul Haque Talukder and Mohammed Saber, under which he owned multiple homes.
He knew that.
For example, after the trade body ruled against the so-called Byrd amendment of 2000, which mandated that duties charged by Washington on imports deemed to be unfairly priced would go directly to American producers rather than to the Treasury, Canada and the European Union slapped sanctions on of such imports as American paper, cigarettes and oysters.
One exception is The Chicago Tribune, which last month on its front page revisited the story of how, after Mr. Giuliani left office, his mayoral papers were temporarily transferred to a private, tax-exempt foundation run by his supporters and financed with $1.5 million from mostly undisclosed donors.
Two months after a tornado ripped through southwestern Brooklyn, a sign with “Vacate” in red letters still hung from the front door last week, keeping Ashraf Eshra and his family from moving back in.
I think Judith’s column is being misintpreted.
And he went off to bed glumly singing 'Oh, what a beautiful morning' as the Queen opened her book.
The agency, Citizenship and Immigration Services, is telling legal immigrants that applications for citizenship and for residence visas filed after June 1 will take about 16 to 18 months to process.
It is highlighted by two intense weeks before spring break called Dragonmaker.
If you saw something like that, you damn well would go around that section of road.
All were stunning to behold, the serious as well as the purely festive.
“This is a mini-Darfur,” said Steve Crawshaw, the United Nations advocacy director for Human Rights Watch.
In Vietnam, the death toll from a separate storm rose to 55.
The problem isn’t whether this assertion is true; the problem is the film reflexively embraces it, much as it does every single other cliché, without inquiry, challenge or a single ounce of real risk.
Like every other adult in New York, Mr. Ellis was curious about Mr. Hensley’s current gig and its Borscht Belt creator.
The test showed both European and African ancestry, which wasn’t surprising to family members, but it also connected them to an ethnic group in Africa that they had never heard of.
The Camuy caverns have been known for centuries.
It is tempting to view the events from Lexington and Concord to the Louisiana Purchase as a straightforward story of peril and progress, a time when great men mastered great events.
There you are, 377 feet above Paris, with the illuminated bridges sparkling in the Seine's reflection, the cleverly illuminated tricolor fluttering above the vast crystal roof of the Grand Palais, the summer Ferris wheel turning above the Tuileries gardens, tossing shadowy light onto the Rue de Rivoli and toward the Louvre.
Toyota, however, has its own tie to a spy scandal with Ferrari.
But have you, now, come to believe [along with Sontag and Keller] that ON was second?
His “Some Enchanted Evening” surpassed even Ezio Pinza’s original version in dramatic authority.
The Fighting Sioux went 10-2 this season, advancing to the second round of the Division II playoffs.
Speaking about the possibility of Mr. Cameron receiving the maximum penalty, Ed Friedman, one of his defense lawyers, said that it would not be prudent.
For a second month, the take-home pay of workers failed to keep up with inflation.
“Yes!” calls out a particularly impassioned supporter in the audience, eagerly playing her unscripted role.
Scored 315 out of 320 , loat 5 p on the handicraft.
It’s interesting that in the end at the running about with cannon balls, travel, talking to experts, etc was not essential to the solving of the mystery.
One problem for the researchers was to build an experimental device that would not destroy the floccules.
Huckabee may lose the race, but he has already scrambled it.
I think the responsibility rested entirely on the family period.
Mr. Bollinger said he did not expect a full-fledged faculty uprising.
Unless Congress decides to re-regulate fare pricing and encourages airlines to compete on service, I will go to the ends of the earth to avoid airline travel.
You bring the flowers; I’ll bring the Scotch.
MARNIE STERN: ‘IN ADVANCE OF THE BROKEN ARM’ (Kill Rock Stars).
He runs his own church — one of three Wilson ministries in town, including that of his father, Jim, who brought the family to Moscow in the early 1970s to found a chain of Christian bookstores.
Though it might be the optimism of young age (26) speaking, I hope that even when my hair is white and I am inching along with a cane, I will still have a few things I would always stand up for.
Mr. Gore is a case in point.
Mr. Coppola has created some strikingly beautiful images in “Youth Without Youth” — his framing remains impeccable, as does his sense of color, proportion and pictorial harmony — but too many of these lovely, mysterious visions have the aspect of private reveries, dreams still locked inside the dreamer’s head.
Best question: Do cockroaches bite?
It would allow them to sue tenants for harassment, like making repeated complaints to city agencies that turn out to be baseless.
I fail to see the connection to the film.
The founder of the World Toilet Organization pays his respects to the free public restrooms in Times Square.
They knew they couldn’t do it themselves.
I was adopted at age 3 from Korea and I’ve never felt like I didn’t fit in.
“Saawariya” announces itself as an adaptation of Dostoyevsky’s “White Nights,” but whatever Russian soul may dwell deep within it is pretty well drowned in Bollywood style.
The talks that began midmorning Sunday were the first by the two sides in a week.
Goodyear, the world's third-largest tire maker, said Tuesday that it earned $668 million, or $2.75 per share, for the quarter ended Sept.
“I’m 67 years old, and the last thing I want to do is wear a diaper for the rest of my life,” said Pete Freeman of Spokane, Wash., who was undergoing treatment at Loma Linda.
While injured, Jacobs said that he would be glad to share the ball with Ward upon his return.
A spokeswoman for Citi Residential said she could not comment on the case because of the pending litigation.
The same could not be said for Renoir’s “Women in a Garden,” a flowery landscape from 1873 making its fourth appearance at auction since 1993.
But these days, the neighborhood is predominantly black and the high school is nearly 85 percent black.
The son, who is 31, said the father often spoke of the stress of having to fire employees, many of whom had held jobs for decades.
Dennis R. Boxx, the company’s senior vice president for corporate communications, said he could not comment on classified projects.
Vilma, the Jets’ defensive captain, ended his weeklong silence regarding the injury yesterday during a conference call.
Last year, in a further effort to protect the public, the Food and Drug Administration approved using an antiseptic spray to help control contamination of ready-to-eat meat and poultry products.
Mr. Cowan is an affable art school dropout whose jumbled, elastic cityscapes and figurinelike caricatures suggest Thomas Hart Benton gone psychedelic.
Abreu replied enthusiastically, said his agent, Peter Greenberg, and Cashman agreed to let Abreu play winter ball again.
A new technique in e-mail scams to watch out for.
Many followers of Sri Chinmoy live in powder-blue houses around Normal Road, and work or shop in the stretch of disciple-owned businesses nearby on Parsons Boulevard.
“Every day that goes by with no word from her is a day closer to the moment when we will be sitting here talking about the murder of my only child,” Barbara says.
This is not a swipe at Ms. Clinton but a concern about her style of politics and whether it provides the best president.
First of all, Mr. Meyers wanted to rebut any notion that the writers are well-heeled brats carrying Starbucks and Evian to the barricades in an attempt to get richer, while throwing TV’s steerage class out of work.
Cornell himself (Barney O’Hanlon) is a meek guy in a suit who lives quietly with his mother and disabled brother, yet alchemically turns his obsessions — with ballerinas or paper cutouts or Lauren Bacall — into the collages and shadow boxes that are his art.
I miss Truman the most.
9 to discuss the results of the psychiatric test and to possibly set bail for Mr. Hiraman.
First produced in 1972, the play is easy to categorize as formulaic, an “Odd Couple” with grumpy old men.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey also refused to give Congress details of the government's investigation into the matter Friday, saying doing so could raise questions about whether the inquiry was vulnerable to political pressure.
Ohio sweetened that incentive with $50,000 more.
But the main draw was “red dirt” music, a regional strain of country influenced by Southern rock and jam bands.
He spent four decades as the senior pastor of the Westlink Christian Church, expanding it to 7,000 members.
A year ago he argued in favor of retaining Torre despite a second consecutive early playoff exit.
This was certainly a tragic event that should not have happened.
When hot, season the fish generously on both sides with salt and pepper.
Roma has a 3-0 record and has not allowed a goal.
“To my consternation, many people just concentrated on the word apartheid” and ignored everything else, Mr. Carter said in an interview.
Members of the panel said their review of the data led them to conclude as a group and individually that reductions in greenhouse gases had to start immediately to avert a global climate disaster, which could leave island nations submerged and abandoned, reduce African crop yields by 50 percent, and cause a 5 percent decrease in global gross domestic product.
The Guantánamo counterintelligence officer slept in the next bedroom of the town house Diaz shared with several midlevel officers.
Still, she used to wish she had become an actor later in life, because then, “I would somehow be better at it,” she said.
Help yourself to fresh-squeezed orange juice, strong espresso with steamed milk, pastries, cheeses and cold cuts.
Muslim activists expressed some concern that Mr. Downing still seemed convinced that the potential for radicalization among Muslims in the United States remained strong.
Essentially what you have always paid for with a cell phone is essentially your call’s trip from your handset to the nearest tower.
Hillary Clinton had just begun running for the White House, and her husband was already trying to help neutralize her critics on the left; when I arrived at the office, Clinton was meeting with about 20 influential bloggers, who were gnawing on barbecued chicken and enjoying their first-ever audience with a former president.
And he is especially sensitive to any hint that one of his constant critics, Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, could exercise anything approaching acting-mayor status.
In previous attempts, the investigators had used a method that worked well in mice.
The Pacers led by 25-21 at the end of the first quarter, then went 5 for 8 from 3-point range in the second quarter to take a 52-41 halftime lead.
Mostly, as recounted by the historian Adam Hochschild in his book “King Leopold’s Ghost,” the boys eventually became soldiers in Leopold’s vast native army, if they did not die in the long, harsh marches to the orphanages from their villages.
On one, titled “What Ain’t To Be Just Might Happen” (1972), he explored insanity with songs that included “Rubber Room,” derived from his experience in a psychiatric ward.
HANOI, Vietnam — Nine hundred years before Ho Chi Minh declared Hanoi the capital of a newly independent Vietnam in 1945, the first king of the Ly Dynasty issued a similar decree.
Mr. Noble’s story surfaced in the early years of the cold war, as the United States repeatedly asked the Soviet Union about him, only to be told that the Russians knew nothing.
Ms. Peterson’s car crossed into Mexico on Tuesday from San Diego to Tijuana, the Lexington police said.
Eventually, I did find some, including Frank Buckles, who was 102 when we first met.
A college’s relationship with their students should not be Big Brother like.
1, 1999, the common European currency failed to catch on with a lot of investors at first and suffered its own very low values early in the decade.
He was captured by the Burmese central government and imprisoned from 1969 to 1974.
Only about 5 percent of the 3.2 million visitors to Yosemite each year leave the crowded valley floor with its famous waterfalls to explore the stunning wilderness miles from any road and accessible only by foot or mule.
The tower is to be lit each year from Oct.
The league is also completing its first season of long-term agreements with ABC/ESPN, Fox Soccer Channel and Univision that for the first time bring the M.L.S. significant rights fees.
“Why go on with this work otherwise?”
It seems difficult to arrive at a plausible explanation for the reverse scenario, that is “on” the road first, followed by “off” the road given the visual evidence in the photographs themselves. well, I hate to burst Mark Hawarth- Booth’s bubble, but my Grammar School history & economics teacher (a man who would enliven our lessons with stories from his time in the International Brigade in the Spanish Civil War) used to use these two pictures in class as an early example of photography and propaganda.
Then,, in 2000, he stumbled across a copy of Eve Babitz’s “Fiorucci: The Book.”
Ms. Stein, a real estate broker at Prudential Douglas Elliman, had a varied and storied career.
It reads like a suspenseful mystery novel where the reader can hardly wait to get to “the solution,” but ever more detail comes in before one does.
Policies are written for actual cash value rather replacement with very meager coverage for contents and loss of use.
We're still out there trying to land some big fish,'' he said.
Why because thru EDUCATING the PARENT we EDUCATE the young girl to BE a WOMAN in ADVERSITY!!
But then a search of the TransAtlantic Slave Trade database, which was compiled from slave ship records, showed that some Africans from Mozambique did indeed end up in the United States.
These in turn are attracting “more corporate buyers” who are less pinched by the tax increases than previous groups, said Anne H. Ladau, an associate broker for Houlihan Lawrence in Putnam.
31.
Harvard’s president, Drew Gilpin Faust, said she hoped the plan would help restore the fundamental idea of American higher education as an engine of upward mobility.
“We can shoot video, edit it and feed it over the Internet now.”
The warm pools are more of a scene, and a visitor’s experience is directly related to how pleasing one finds it to be chatted up by nude neopagans.
Chad Pennington must feel like an honorary brother then; the scrutiny of his performance has been intense and excoriating.
A Flowers group lawyer, Mark Wolinsky, arguing against an expedited hearing on whether the change in law was a deal breaker, told the judge that the dispute was essentially all about money.
These are people that they feel comfortable with.”
Ms. Mbete had a ready explanation.
This person talked of potential groups of suicide bombers.
Bang!
Last year it oversaw 4,614 arbitration cases, down from a high of 8,945 in 2003.
Still, he credited the harvests with relieving the suffering of his illiterate sister-in-law and her family.
But that is unlikely to happen under present circumstances, said the authors, who are energy experts at McKinsey & Company, the consulting firm.
Excerpts from Mr. Cavett's original interviews from the 1970s, courtesy of 'The Dick Cavett Show' collection.
For news tips and press announcements, please use the e-mail links on the blog home page to reach our writers and editors.
Against that backdrop, Doremus’s print, radio and television campaign is taking a lighthearted and simple approach to the millions of baby boomers who it says are less than prepared for retirement.
In 1,200 miles of riding the Griso 1100 and the Norge 1200, those quirks prove to have been relegated to the past.
He had something of a recurring cameo on the sitcom “Bewitched,” appearing in about 18 episodes as a drunk man who sees the main character, played by Elizabeth Montgomery, perform some feat of witchcraft, and then immediately swears off alcohol.
Families checked in for emergency overnight stays fewer than 75 times a month for most of 2006, but the number erupted this summer, climbing to nearly 800 stays in July.
I want all of you parents to know how much I think we’ve succeeded.
He stopped for a moment and stared up at the imposing photograph of Arthur Treekape, Dick’s formidable- looking father.
In 1975, Dr. Sonnenblick became chief of the division of cardiology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, a position he kept until 1996.
The Bush administration is offering only to preserve some parts of the nuclear accord to guarantee inspections and verification of the nuclear weapons reductions it set in motion — but in a still undermined format far less formal than a major treaty.
However, Mr. Agassi is not planning to make cars, but instead wants to deploy an infrastructure of battery-charging stations in the United States, Europe and the developing world.
Connecticut’s basketball season opener is nine days away, but Coach Jim Calhoun’s Huskies are not the talk of campus.
You continue to grasp for things from the past, when in a smoke filled room (smoking isn’t thought of as acceptable anymore either)you and your cronies could say and do pretty much as you pleased.
It seems to me that we should believe what Fenton has told us.
Religious conservatives were alarmed last month when none of the Republican front-runners showed up for the Values Voter Debate Straw Poll in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Das Kranzbach (Kranzbach; 49-8823-92-800-0; www.daskranzbach.de) is a new spa resort about 10 miles outside Garmisch, Germany’s top ski area.
Years later, after I’d graduated from college and begun my own teaching career, I ran into him and we talked politics.
One example is debt of the General Motors Acceptance Corporation.
I am really surprised Flew became as famous as he did; Russell’s “Why I am not a Christian” was already bad enough, but undertandable given the general direction of philosophical argument.
Although few home builders have access to the remains of a $14.6 billion highway project, many cities now have “reuse” stores, which sell salvaged goods — from wall sockets to vintage redwood floorboards — for 50 to 75 percent off what similar products would cost if purchased new.
If somebody pushed me hard enough, I could make a case that, given the Big Bang Start Up, Atheism and modern Christianity (or other religions) are thereafter isomorphic systems.
Dave Chappelle and Edie Murphy have been making fun of white people for years!
For Martha, this is a way to leverage the company’s existing sales force and attract more attention from marketers because it can offer them more reach.
Although the family ended up in New York, he was born in a refugee camp in Austria — where, he said, an exiled Hungarian countess used to help take care of him.
By 1933, though, a Chevrolet sales brochure showed a New York Yankees pitcher, Lefty Gomez, hurling a baseball into a car’s windshield.
In his new novel John Grisham again departs from his usual legal thriller mode.
Mr. Shepherd, who dazzlingly embodied the spirit of the choreographer William Forsythe two years ago in the Wooster Group’s “Poor Theater,” carries the heaviest burden, in playing Burton as Hamlet.
I’m happy and well-adjusted evidence that children can survive this sort of parenting and become normal, independent adults.
So this year I suggest turning the idea of resolutions on its head, and making them for other people.
Does this mean that now the authorities (at least those not bought off in some manner) can finally settle down to fry Mr. Weill?
His lawyer, William Keahon, asked for lenient bail since Officer Garcia has lived his entire life in Brooklyn, Queens and Suffolk County; has relatives including a 7-year-old in the area; did not flee during the grand jury investigation; and had been an officer since 2003, most recently working as an instructor at a police academy.
As someone who works in the news industry, I was baffled as well by the minimal coverage of what I found to be a near ground-breaking set of proposals by Hillary Clinton.
It takes a village.
A program of guided skiing, fly-fishing, hiking and biking trips is offered to owners, who also have access to a private lounge and locker rooms at the Northstar-at-Tahoe ski resort in Truckee, Calif.
More than half of the 4,200 factories in Prato are owned by Chinese entrepreneurs, some of whom pay their Chinese workers as little as two Euros ($3) an hour.
It was about silencing the Yankees’ fans.
Rubin had worked intensively with artists before.
A high-level official of the Karzai administration said he believed some spraying might take place during this growing season, which begins in several weeks.
Big buyers like chocolate makers and grocery stores buy their milk under long-term contracts and so can smooth out sudden spikes or dips in prices.
Oyster Bay and Huntington have followed suit, and Islip and Hempstead are considering nearly identical measures, said Neal Lewis of the Neighborhood Network, a Farmingdale-based nonprofit energy conservation organization that has been involved with publicizing Energy Star and lobbying towns to require that new homes conform to it.
Cory Doctorow, co-editor of the popular technology blog Boing Boing, said the recording industry lawsuits were not “scaring students away from file-sharing, but scaring them into political consciousness.”
I never quite expected this piece and its comments to be such a Hillary love-in.
It’s been occurring since the late 1990’s — I watched it start up as a tween and it didn’t effect me in a negative way.
It may be conceivable, according to the laws of physics, that energy is distributed in a constant, interacting manner between positive and negative levels.
After Hutu death squads exterminated hundreds of thousands of Tutsis in Rwanda, many culprits fled into the thickly forests hills of eastern Congo, next door.
As for Arthur’s answers, below — well, they are IMHO fantastic.
Sundhage finished sixth in the voting for FIFA’s top women’s player of the 20th century.
How — particularly in your profession, my friend — do you develop such a crush on censorship?
Boil the squash and celery root separately, until tender, about 4 minutes each time.
Mrs. McKoy could not work full time.
You find the running of hospitals repugnant?
It was April 17, 1968, the home opener for the team that abandoned Kansas City to move here.
It was a sign of how desperately people want to bake at home, and how painfully aware they are of their limitations.
Jurors said they were hopelessly deadlocked.
Joe Torre always talked about how pitching was the key to the World Series championships he presided over, but the Yankees have lacked that pitching for several seasons.
“To be brutal about it, the equity of Factory is death,” Mr. Savage said, referring to Factory Records, the now-defunct label that made its name with Joy Division.
In 1960, he became among the first to report on the development of tumors in children after irradiation for benign conditions.
In an interview the three current title holders — glamorous even in casual clothes — said they liked the idea of being able to be seen as more than gossip column fodder and examples of good bone structure.
The 2007-8 season is just getting started for the National Football League, but advertisers are already making plans for the next Super Bowl.
But back then I wanted to figure everything out, myself most of all.
3 (AP) — A teacher accused of running away with one of her former students, a 13-year-old boy, has been arrested in Mexico, a prosecutor said Saturday.
And to this day, I still don’t watch tv.
For its latest vessel, the Queen Victoria, scheduled to debut in December, guests staying in those top suites will get their own elevator to take them to dinner, so they won’t have to rub elbows with the underclasses.
Jessica added that she was applying to state universities for next year, saying that she felt ready to handle the challenges of a big school and was even looking forward to having a team of her own to root for at football games, though she expects to have to adjust to life after the Village School.
The government is not forcing prayer, just some quiet time for the mind.
But rather than giving the ball to running back Marshawn Lynch, the Bills put the game in the hands of quarterback Trent Edwards, a rookie from Stanford who was starting in place of the injured J.P. Losman.
I’m mightily impressed by the literacy, enthusiasm and high quality of your comments on my previous column, on Norman Mailer.
Glass is used throughout to display merchandise and to separate categories on the selling floor.
But its sales had fallen by half since the 1970s, when it sold more than one million vehicles a year.
At least 500,000 people were estimated to have evacuated and thousands more had been ordered to move, making the evacuation effort roughly half the size of that from the New Orleans area after Hurricane Katrina.
Developing the photograph transforms the exposed silver halides into silver crystals and dissolves away the unexposed halides.
What’s important is what they will say next time.
If the North Koreans meet the schedule and disable their equipment, it would mark a major victory for the Bush Administration, at a time it is eager to claim progress on some diplomatic front to offset its problems in Iraq.
Ms. Hargrove says she held closed-door meetings with all potential vendors.
My experiences have only reinforced this belief.
Looking nothing like his 38 years, Favre outshone Broncos second-year quarterback Jay Cutler, widely considered the only passer in the league whose arm strength can rival his.
Doesn’t anyone else see these?
If the working men in America had migraines as much as women do, I reckon there’d be a lot more known about how to treat and prevent them.
ST.
This film is not rated.
The university classroom of the future is in Janet Duck’s dining room on East Chocolate Avenue here.
It is interesting to note that WABC is putting Imus on a 40-minute delay (I think that’s the time), indicating that WABC believes the previous remark was irresponsible and wants to have the ability to edit or delete such remarks in the future.
Sunday.
It’s all composed, hence ‘posed’ in some sense.
TOKYO (AP) -- Japan has placed a satellite in orbit around the moon for the first time, officials said Friday, in a major space breakthrough for the Asian nation.
There was a swimming pool, open land and even a pair of horses.
When the heat proves too strong, he is sent to live with his long-estranged father, Roberto (a fine Giancarlo Esposito), and his stepmother in Puerto Rico.
Was the nominee truly qualified, with a professional background worthy of the job?
She was 96.
Oracle rose 93 cents, or 4.4 percent, to $21.98 after its earnings report.
He has also said he wants more consensus on the court, and fewer 5-to-4 decisions.
The one clear winner from the invasion and the consequent civil strife has been neighboring Iran, whose fellow Shiites dominate the Iraqi government.
The G37 is still a rush to drive, thanks to a V-6 with a crushing 330 horsepower.
For some four decades, William D. Walsh browsed auction catalogs in search of the ancient artifacts that would gratify his passion for classical antiquity.
We’ve suffered enough with nincompoops in office.
He was the first Asian composer awarded honorary membership in the Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts in Vienna, and he has jammed on saxophone with the likes of Benny Goodman and Louis Armstrong, whom he considered a friend.
The camp blankets had been snipped and made into tiny blankets for the beds in her miniature house, the white linen tablecloths the sheets.
The officials gave no indication about whether additional rate cuts may be in store.
The European Commission last week charged several airlines, including British Airways , Lufthansa and SAS, with fixing freight service prices.
Quite distinct from Quebecois “country” almost entirely exempt from the above and relentlessly focussed on the eternally present dyads of presence and separation.
Rallies have been held and more than 2,200 residents have signed a petition.
If he should leave Annapolis in what appears to be a weakened posture, the Islamic militant group Hamas would probably try to fill the power vacuum, as a spokesman for the group signaled on Sunday.
Flew’s conclusion that the only explanation for our existence is that we were created by a “infinitely intelligent Mind” leaves his original question - why is there something [God] rather than nothing? – unanswered.
University officials said that there were at least 10,000 students on campus at the time of the incident, but that thanks to the text-messaging system, security officers were able to direct them to safe locations in an orderly fashion.
Monson was forced out seven games into last season, and the Gophers finished 9-22, setting a team record for losses.
He also warned that imposing new regulations could be counterproductive at a time when the global economy remains robust.
Our route went north from Tenants Harbor, stopping for one night each at bed-and-breakfasts a few miles apart in South Thomaston, Rockland and Camden.
Abdirahman dropped out, leaving the race for the Olympic spots to Hall, Ritzenhein, Browne and Keflezighi.
The essential reform is to adopt technology that would allow information to be shared among all the doctors and institutions that care for a patient, lessening the chances of errors and duplication and encouraging better coordination of treatment.
He was 80.
Mr. Fish go it right.
Transport ships ferried cargo from enormous docks.
At least 100 people were injured and three were killed, the private NTV television channel reported.
BALTIMORE, Sept.
Celtic hosts Shakhtar Donetsk, and Valencia is at home against Schalke.
The company said it would build two of its third generation, EPR reactors at Taishan in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong under a contract with China Guangdong Nuclear Power Corporation.
He promises her “oceans and oceans of love and devotion.”
But in 1995, he relapsed and was permanently barred.
We will probably get to stay in our house.
TAXES: $10,737.50 a year; homeowner association fee: $350 a month.
The commentator did not ask a meaningful question — it was definitely not appropriate to the debate at large; it was meant to ‘meanly disparage!’
Prices range from $500 to $250,000.
Raj falls in love with Sakina (Sonam Kapoor), whose heart belongs to Imaan (Mr. Kahn), whose return she awaits every night on a lonely bridge.
“This is the most interesting side of the story right now,” said Scott W. Devitt, managing director for Internet consumer services at Stifel, Nicolaus & Company.
The next morning, Mr. Deskovic stuffed his possessions in plastic bags and boarded a train to Peekskill, the scene of the crime that scarred his life.
Representatives of the Home Office of Britain, which handles these requests, have told Parliament that they have yet to decide whether to cooperate.
In the post-race interview, Raikkonen said that the Ferraris were much faster than the rest of the field (and had more speed than they revealed in the race), so it probably wasn’t that difficult for Massa to stay far ahead of Alonso.
At a meeting called by the F.T.C., Esther Dyson wondered whether the way people are controlling information on social networks shouldn’t also apply to advertising.
“Edward II,” the story of a pleasure-loving king whose affection for a boy toy, the rakish upstart Piers Gaveston, incites his court to rebel, is a more dramatically engaging play, the inverse of “Tamburlaine” in its focus on a man who eschews the trappings of power to lose himself in a pretty pair of eyes.
He has invested millions recently in the Yankees, who turn out to be a bunch of guys who fade in the clutch.
But Mr. Dobbs said that Mr. Spitzer, and Mr. Spitzer alone, is responsible for defending his new policy.
There is a huge difference between wanting to cure a disease such as Cancer.
He focused on quick fixes.
“Let the sun rise over the crater,” she said, her arm arching into an ethereal halo over her head.
That was when, he said, he decided to pitch in.
On its Web site, 02138 posted not only the article, but also the documents, which include Mr. Zuckerberg’s handwritten application for admission to Harvard and an excerpt from an online journal he kept as a student that contains biting comments about himself and others.
Though the fourth-ranked Davydenko is the highest-ranked player here for the Davis Cup finals between Russia and the United States, he was not chosen by the Russian captain Shamil Tarpishchev to play singles.
Most of the vehicle barriers do little to stop individuals on foot, but they impede cars and trucks from driving loads of people across.
Any hope that he was nudging the country toward a genuine democracy was quashed when he also moved to exempt his own most controversial actions from any court challenges.
As we pass through a tiny village we see a large ad for a diamond ring posted on the side of a house.
A similar meeting in Beverly Hills, Calif., drew more than 150 members.
The action announced by the university yesterday was the second time in 17 months he had been penalized for improper telephone calls.
But the officials have said that about 200 of the detainees are considered too dangerous to repatriate.
And before anyone attacks, I am 23 and speaking about my own generation.
2).
But it also found bruises around the groin, Alabama’s interim chief medical examiner, Dr. Kenneth Snell, said yesterday in an interview, and bruises associated with hospital treatment and internal bleeding.
I know I am not alone in this: one of my good friends, a civil engineer, has a lifelong aspiration of working in a jewelry store but continues to be an engineer to please her parents.
In 90 minutes, we'd traveled only 20 miles from Darjeeling town, the gritty, urban heart of the district, and I could hardly imagine a pleasant ending to the journey.
“Mom,” Christina asked, “after that, can I go meet Kelsey at the Maté?”
She and others also studied a lethal chromosomal defect that disrupts the normal function of the mouse liver.
FLYERS 3, HURRICANES 1 Mike Knuble had a goal and two assists to help Philadelphia win in Carolina for the second time in a week.
Tama Janowitz is the author of several novels, short stories and essays.
Several Iraqi bystanders were also injured; the identity of the Iraqi person killed in the attack was unclear.
Information: www.vvcentre.ru; 7-495-544-3400.
EVERY television fantasy requires a certain suspension of disbelief.
The audit called on the department to recover the payments to the corporation, the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, a state-owned company that makes and guarantees student loans.
Now, many drugs are approved only after they improve laboratory results, like blood sugar or cholesterol levels.
“No one is being charged unless more evidence becomes available,” said Judy Orihuela, a bureau spokeswoman.
I suspect the reality will be closer to a Dean debacle.
With all this at stake, two big hitters are flying in from the West Coast for tomorrow’s meeting.
What we know that Congress has learned in its investigation of the purge of nine top federal prosecutors is disturbing.
7 with an article about fall events in Europe carried an incorrect credit.
Residents must travel to nearby Blaine, Ferndale or Bellingham for groceries and malls.
At Landry’s request, Nolan also played cornerback in his first season as a Cowboys coach.
When the food and the summer run out, the lovers return home, with her belly now gently swollen.
Last week Warner Home Video released the fifth volume of its “Looney Tunes Golden Collection,” containing some 60 cartoons from the glory years of the Warner Brothers animation department.
It’s wonderful to see something real about Hilary Clinton.
New York has more writers, but many of them write books and magazine articles, while Los Angeles has a larger share of the screenwriters.
What differentiates BookMooch, Mr. Buckman said, is its neighborly feel.
In a statement, the guild expressed disappointment in Mr. Daly’s decision.
So, thank you Stanley Fish for writing a clear, concise and accurate summation of this news item.
“It’s the official choice to participate,” she said.She pointed to the dismay of Hamas, which opposes the meeting and Arab participation in it.
It is morally indefensible.
Maybe the problem with “What do you do?” isn’t the question.
The 395 one-, two- and three-bedrooms in the building will rent for $3,750 a month and up, he said.
In its scenes of disease it politely wrinkles its nose before hurrying on.
But however you judge the movie’s politics, and whatever its flaws, there is something inarguable, something irreducibly honest and right, about Mr. Jones’s performance.
But it was severe given that federal prosecutors’ guidelines advise against charging people who merely deny their crimes without embellishing their denials with further lies.
In addition, you unfairly compare the children living in institutions to those from stable and nurturing environments.
The New York City teachers’ union raised hackles in 2004 when the Department of Education issued a policy setting a $5-per-student spending limit on gifts to teachers and other school personnel.
My mind was on — what? — the tomb figures of armored knights, the moody monastic light, the snowstorm outside.
Are the wounds still fresh?
But as thousands of students poured out of university buildings, shortly after 5:30 p.m., most said the university had managed the situation well.
Giselle says so.
And so it is with “The Fugitive,” too.
When it was over, he had caught seven passes for 138 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Debra Condren, a business psychologist and career adviser, said the occasional negative comment could actually lend credibility to a company rather than tarnish it.
Throw in his cousin’s son, Jahangir Khan, who dominated the 1980s by winning 10 titles in a row, and the Khan Dynasty accounted for 23 British Open titles.
Mrs. Russell, who had operated a pastry shop in Tennessee, provided mostly dessert recipes, but they were for puff pastry and delicate rose cake, not sweet potato pie.
Neither Pingping nor Nan could go back to China to fetch Taotao, who had been staying with Pingping's parents for the past three years.
Siege of Sebastopol, 1854-5, Longmans, Green & Co.
But the administration’s real motives were, in fact, ideological.
Gary said phone calls interrupted therapy all the time, despite a no-phones policy.
These early voters would be self-selecting, trading the opportunity to watch the campaign unfold for the ability to demonstrate early conviction.
If he does run for Parliament, he could use his seat to share his experience and skills with a new political generation — but we doubt it.
Mr. Beshear, a Democrat, kept the focus on Mr. Fletcher’s legal troubles while also arguing that allowing casinos at horse racing tracks and in a few places along the state’s borders would generate $500 million in tax revenue that could help improve the lives of Kentuckians.
Rio has retained six investment banks, as many as BHP has retained, to advise it.
But, he seems to be the main person making the case for Mrs. Clinton as to whether Obama should be dismissed.
My husband has suffered from ADD his whole life, and while he takes medication when he remembers or desires, it is still a constant factor in our lives: he is extremely intelligent, but will usually forget a task or errand I ask him to do, misses meetings with his students once in a while, will forget at least his first doctor’s appointment, etc.
Nicholas Lemann, the author of "Redemption"; Stanley Crouch on the Black Panthers.
At the Anthology Film Archives, 32 Second Avenue, at Second Street, East Village.
Markets will be paying close attention to what ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet says about how the central bank plans to ward off more disruption from U.S. subprime credit woes and the dollar, which has weakened since the U.S. Federal Reserve made a larger-than-expected rate cut.
WASHINGTON, Nov.
I think Lennon may have become a prisoner of his glasses, sort of like Dali and his moustache.
But the agency said that the G.E. shoe scanner “does not meet minimum detection standards.”
Serves 8.
6 re-election.
But Mr. Wilson never shows us this power or explores it; all that Ruth (Blanche Baker) does is smoke cigarettes, offer the boys beers and say vulgar things.
ERROL MORRIS: Where is the logic here?
Mr. Demme acknowledged that Hamas, among other Palestinian groups, is dedicated to the elimination of Israel, and is not surprised that a people who had lived through the Holocaust would use every means at their disposal to ensure survival, but added that that the freedom of one people cannot be achieved by the subjugation of another.
It’s not talked about because it’s still a bit early. but it’s the same red/blue map problem. sure she can draw women voters and middle class voters and blah blah blah… those are democrats. but can she swing florida blue, or ohio, or a miss river state blue???
Last year, the journal Pediatrics published research from the RAND Corporation concluding that degrading lyrics, not sexual lyrics, were the problem.
Really, she never ceases to amaze me.
But yesterday, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Manhattan voided the settlement.
After intense pressure from Republican colleagues in the Senate, Mr. Craig announced Saturday that it would be best for “the people of Idaho” if he resigned after the disclosure of his guilty plea last month to disorderly conduct charges stemming from his arrest in June in a Minneapolis-St.
I think Lennon may have become a prisoner of his glasses, sort of like Dali and his moustache.
There are more total cannon balls on the side of the road in the “on” photo - the additional balls most likely came out of the air.
Returning after a successful run in the Under the Radar festival, Tarell Alvin McCraney’s poetic modern-day drama about two brothers in Louisiana is loosely based on an African myth (1:30).
At this rate, Wedge would have almost no choice but to use Joe Borowski to close out the ninth.
As it turned out, the composition of the diet made no difference.
He said the Defense of Marriage Act, which the Legislature passed in 1998, contradicts previous court rulings regarding civil rights and should be struck down.
It will open on Dec.
Pascale Bonnefoy contributed reporting from Santiago, Chile.
Comebacks, after all, are her specialty.
Evidently you wrote this essay before today.
I’ve enjoyed them and some of them have made me laugh out loud.
At first I was constantly suffering the “Dopamax” side effects, there were some times I could barely remember my own name!
She has said she will return to Pakistan on Oct.
Steinbrenner did not respond.
But that doesn’t mean it is the norm.
BRIAN WILLIAMS: Welcome to Drexel University, the site of tonight’s Democratic presidential debate.
Later, June Bug took a turn, and a construction worker outside a fixer-upper brownstone called, “You know this is a one-way street?”
What this country needs is a President with grown-up, nuanced policies that are too involved to be explained in a 15-second sound bite.
Today, it produces the most expensive brew in Darjeeling, a “muscatel” that sold for 50,000 rupees a kilogram (about $555 a pound, at recent exchange rates of around 41 rupees to the dollar) at auction in Beijing last year.
What unfolds on the screen is a fever dream that begins in a hospital where Klimt lies nearly comatose.
Ruben Amaro Jr. is expected to replace Pat Gillick as the Phillies’ general manager in a year when Gillick retires, as expected, for the fourth time.
That has to be it.
BMW has lent 25 copies of its Hydrogen 7 to celebrities, including Will Farrell and Jay Leno.
Both were made with the cooperation of those who best knew Mr. Curtis.
In the same vein, the problem with Tibetan Buddhism resides in an obvious fact that many Western enthusiasts conveniently forget: the traditional political structure of Tibet is theocracy, with the Dalai Lama at the center.
Also getting wet in public.
He was 64.
As chief counsel to the Republicans on the Senate Watergate committee, he famously asked the question that revealed the existence of the White House taping system that ultimately led to President Richard M. Nixon’s resignation.
The third and fourth auctions will be on Jan.
Who seeks such attention?
So I did," Jamal Chakvetadze told Russian television.
The two-page letter, by turns angry and boastful, suggests that a nasty behind-the-scenes battle played out at the company over Mr. Dabah’s conduct, resulting in a split board vote on whether he should remain in the job.
You can use color-coded flags — red for high priority — to remind you that certain messages have not been answered.
The study has been under way for seven years.
Mr. Reed, though, is a man angry about many things, and all of them are crammed into this play, which makes it more like target practice with a machine gun than like well-aimed criticism.
Their two boys and two girls, supplemented by an adopted Tibetan orphan, inherited their love of art, their devotion to Indian culture and a multitude of problems.
Rich countries have tentatively agreed to cut export and domestic subsidies for agriculture, but how deep and with what exceptions has yet to be defined.
Lead on.
Violence is everywhere, between the Aborigines and the whites, and among the Aborigines.
The Revolution, meanwhile, fell at the final hurdle for the fourth time.
Torre’s gone.
In the documentary, John Gauqer, who emigrated from France in 1929, at age 5, recalls that he only spoke French when he arrived at Ellis Island.
Online courses may not be suited to subjects like laboratory science or theater, but can work fine for the nut-and-bolts information and analysis required in a history survey or for the editing needed for a basic writing course.
Several hours later, another group of Polish soldiers was sent to reinforce the patrols that were waiting with their damaged vehicles.
Well wasn’t this year’s GP finale breathtaking?
That’s right, Shea, so you can tell how thrilled I am that this is a Yankees game we’ll be tracking this evening.
I was to see the Mailer pugilist-walk once more in my life, about a decade later and in a then-unimaginable setting: my late-night show on ABC.
It is 50 proof.
Defense lawyers said the new disclosures by prosecutors in closed-door meetings showed that the system was not intended to be fair.
In the Crescent City, so-called because of the river's snaky pinch, there is no north, south, east and west.
If you thought the iPhone battery class action was bad…wait until apple has to deal with the iBrick class action.
Enter Amy Cosgrove and her husband, Michael, the president of Amerex Brokers, a Houston-based energy brokerage company, both admirers of Mr. Johnson’s work.
Obvious hurdles included environmental and political resistance, as well as an engineering difficulty: water is heavy, far heavier than oil, and incompressible; a system to move it long distances (especially if it involves tunneling through mountains or pumping water over them) can cost billions.
Antonina Golovina was the daughter of a kulak.
The decision, announced Wednesday by Stephen Johnson, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, overrode the advice of his legal and technical staffs, misconstrued the law and defied both Congress and the federal courts.
Above it, along the ridge, guerrilla sentries peer through binoculars at troop movements several miles inside Iran, careful to keep their heads down, they say, because the Iranians direct artillery fire at any sign of the guerrillas.
As a federally funded ethnographer who had worked on AIDS-prevention studies throughout the 1980s, my argument was based on more than well-established medical and public-health precedent.
PRISTINA, Kosovo, Dec.
The Florida Supreme Court last year ruled against Wal-Mart.
Does anyone know if the condition seems to be increasing worldwide or among certain populations?
The guys were investment bankers, “and were making way more money” than she and the friends she was planning to live with earned, Ms. Stephens said.
The only highlight for the Falcons was Warrick Dunn becoming the 22nd rusher in NFL history to reach 10,000 yards.
His projects, he said, involve exposing inequities in health care that result in poor people’s being denied medical treatment or gouged by insurers and hospitals, topics of interest to Mr. Rooney, who champions medical savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.
My mother, who could very clearly identify food triggers - anything decaffeinated, raw onions - had migraines infrequently all her life but never had the aura effect.
“We are experiencing among our clients an awakening that the United States is in big trouble,” said Erik Nielsen, chief Europe economist at Goldman Sachs.
Goal, The New York Times soccer blog, will report on news and features from the world of soccer and around the Web.
Other government agencies also award research money, with the largest being the Defense Department, which has about $1 billion a year for small-business research.
Mr. Ryan, who in 40 years in public office became one of the most powerful Republicans in the Midwest, was convicted last year of a long list of corruption charges stemming from his tenure as secretary of state and governor of Illinois, including using public money for campaign work and exchanging state business for money and gifts, among them an island vacation.
It’s $249 for 80 gigabytes, down from $349.
Many on Wall Street had been clamoring for weeks for a half-point cut, and the Fed’s announcement today buoyed investors.
Characters engage in innuendo, adultery and group therapy.
Large, white markers etched with the number “175” are placed on many hillsides.
To explain her vote on the Iraq War,Hillary asserted that she had done her own extensive,independent research before she voted affirmatively.
Elizabeth Plac, you are the future!
The share goes to $108, allowing the executive to exercise his options, earning $8 a share.
I have no interest in having a ‘world’ president. b) Who would say that censorship exists in our society?
Not all space relics are so large or so serious.
It’s sort of a bad sign that he wouldn’t talk to the press, like he doesn’t have answers for them or something; but at least you guys didn’t have to hang out with him too much.
SEATTLE, Oct.
The concealed headlights, elliptical turn signals and taillights beneath the deck are all well-considered touches.
As far as whether the condition is over-diagnosed I have to defer to teachers and health care providers; however, as a sufferer of ADHD in childhood and into adulthood, I must say, the treatment works for some percentage of patients.
Have a listen and also have a look at some remarkable footage of humpbacks, taken by a diving team covered last year by The Times.
I absolutely do not understand how using the internet to mask your identity and commit a crime, with malice aforethought, can go unpunished.
I am shocked at the level of ignorance exhibited about Africa.
“Most people who are very much into raw artisan denim don't wash their jeans often.
I wonder if Rosetta Stone has noticed an uptick on their Chinese language software.
It was a feat that many scientists said could not be done in a laboratory.
The bad news is that there was no one magic bullet, because — remember — there was more than one burner boiling the water!
One good argument of several, yes, but still not foolproof, not definitive.
But Willis and Motley faced unpleasant moments, particularly an incident in a game with the old Brooklyn Dodgers team.
In his day that was merely a metaphor but now is literally an understatement.
The athletic department operates like a not-so-small business, and it is highly unlikely to lose money on the skyboxes.
GREENBURGH, N.Y., Dec.
Back in high school, John and I had been frugal punks, sneaking out of study hall to a Mexican restaurant for 75-cent chips and salsa and free “ghetto lemonade” (ice water, lemon wedges, sugar), producing a photocopied zine about skateboarding and substituting a dictionary and pencils for a drum kit in our band, Joyful Stress.
I do not want those looking for handouts or trying to change the culture to make their life easier.
That might work for Mr. Colbert too.
Mr. Metzler has for several years advocated replacing the tomb.
Even when he traveled the world arguing against religious belief, he was never an angry polemicist; a preacher’s son, he had none of the bewildered animosity that characterizes many nonbelievers.
In years past the lounge area was uninspired, with overpriced drinks and furniture borrowed or assembled at the last minute This year City Center has turned what the City Planning Commission refers to simply as a “through block connection” into a hip hangout by buying a sleek set of brightly colored chairs and couches, inviting neighborhood restaurants to provide food, installing a real dance floor, hiring D.J.’s to spin each night and finding a vodka sponsor to keep the specialty billberry-infused cosmopolitans flowing at $2 a pop.
“A lot is going to be asked of Corey and a lot is going to be expected of Corey,” Hill said.
The memory: lightly fried clams with big, juicy bellies, like the kind I munched on nearly every summer weekend growing up in Swansea, Mass.
If you say that I stay home with my children or I send them to private school because my children are my priority, it implies that if I don’t make those choices then my children are not my priority.
Antoine Vermette scored the tie-breaking goal early in the third period, goalie Brian Elliott won in his N.H.L. debut and the visiting Ottawa Senators remained unbeaten with a 3-1 victory against the Atlanta Thrashers last night.
Actually I had the joy of learning about you through Rick Moranis’ sympathetic send-up on SCTV.
He noted, too, that while members of the Astor family had some association with the Plaza, the Astors had developed competing hotels, including the St. Regis and the Waldorf-Astoria.
Their calculations, by the way, are based on the value of options when they are granted, not by their eventual value when they are cashed in.
What followed was a dinner on April 9 in Midland, Mich., where Dow is based.
Many of its dishes, distinguished by a beautifully modulated and lingering heat, are compelling.
Mr. Brooks said that the developmentally disabled students brought their own strengths to the program because many of them were talented artists and looked at things in different ways.
The first two finishers were 25-year-old Ryan Hall in 2:09:02 and the 24-year-old Ritzenhein in 2:11:07.
A 60-table restaurant owned by Be Our Guest, Vento, at 675 Hudson Street in the heart of the meatpacking district, has 25 more tables outside.
The Critic’s Choice column on Tuesday, about new DVDs, referred incorrectly to the 1927 stage show “Funny Face,” from which four songs were taken for the 1957 film “Funny Face,” out on DVD in a new edition.
If Obama has any sense, he’ll propose running with her — just for the experience he needs to step up to the top spot in eight years!
Mr. Zander, 60, will continue to serve as chairman until the annual shareholders meeting in May.
He was the National League’s most valuable player in 1971, when he won the batting title with a .363 average and 230 hits.
Students also take state Regents exams.
He has provided the weak-willed Henry with a past and future that, given the work’s dense, difficult-to-grasp scenes of unrest and anarchy, help propel the audience through the most obdurate thickets and beyond.
Whether you have scenes from your neighborhood, or eyewitness video of breaking news, we really want to see it.
The league announced a number of measures to restore fans’ faith in the referees.
It will be akin to New York University’s core campus, but with an overarching design.
Helen Epstein, the author of “The Invisible Cure”; Jonathan Mahler on torture; the poetry columnist David Orr.
Do you think of yourself as a continuum of this practice, or do you feel your ideas are completely different?
The stranger sells this information to Plainview, who promptly sets off with H. W. to a stretch of California desert where oil puddles the ground among the cactus, scrub and human misery.
For his part, Mr. Washington had not previously heard of the debaters or even the college, but he said, “I’m aware of the strength of these historically black colleges, and what they’ve done for millions of African-American men and women over the years.”
“I think we’re going to see cautious development of CETP inhibitors,” said Dr. B. Greg Brown, professor of medicine and cardiology at the University of Washington, who has consulted for all the companies.
The goal was to turn off that tape that seems to run through my mind; if I could do that, I thought I would fall asleep immediately.
Indications are that Donald Marbury left the Garden around halftime.
With his seafaring movie tan and muscular physicality he matches up well against the forceful Ms. Blanchett, whose strange beauty adds to the queen’s otherworldly affect.
However, he cautions that his presence alone won't cure what ails the football team.
Why they will make the title game: The Sooners lurk in the perfect position, outside the national spotlight, and they still have the Big 12 Championship to gain traction with voters and pollsters.
Virgin, which is headed by Richard Branson, teamed up with a group that includes the insurer American International Group; Toscafund Asset Management, a fund focusing on investments in the financial services industry; the First Eastern Investment Group, a Hong Kong-based investment group; and WL Ross & Company, founded by the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr.
How did Sontag know the sequence of the photographs?
In its filing, the company said that the value of its C.D.O.’s fell to $676 million at the end of October from $1.8 billion just a month earlier.
The United States wants to build a missile interceptor base in Poland and a radar site in the Czech Republic, but details have yet to be negotiated.
In a similar vein, Revver.com, which shares 50 percent of its ad revenue with people who post videos on its site, includes its ads before and after the videos.
Apart from the identity of dead people like her lover, the writer Dashiell Hammett, the sole particular to emerge from this stirring history rendered by Lillian Hellman was one name: Lillian Hellman.
After a beachfront lunch and some rosé, the decision is clear: extend the trip and leave mañana.
And you know the saying, “This place is for the birds,’’ as in, “What a dump”?
Luciano Pavarotti, 71, tenor of his generation.
AMENITIES: An outdoor pool, a 1,500-bottle wine cellar and a fitness room.
On Monday, the prize that recognizes achievement in “physiology or medicine” went to Mario R. Capecchi, of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City; Oliver Smithies of the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill; and Sir Martin J. Evans of Cardiff University in Wales, for their work that led to the technique of manipulating the genes of mice.
In 2005 Mr. Hader was rereading “The Sandman,” the supernatural comic-book series by Neil Gaiman, when he learned he was being considered for a spot on “Saturday Night Live.”
Written (in Spanish, with English subtitles) and directed by Daniel Sánchez Arévalo; director of photography, Juan Carlos Gómez; edited by Nacho Ruiz Capillas; music by Pascal Gaigne; art director, Federico García Cambero; produced by José Antonio Félez; released by Strand Releasing.
Guitar hero requires good hand eye coordination, and a bit of a good ear to catch the rhythm.
Western observers said that Kenya’s election commission ignored undeniable evidence of vote rigging to keep the government in power.
Kevin Gover, a member of the Pawnee Tribe of Oklahoma and a professor at the Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law at Arizona State University in Tempe, has been named director of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of the American Indian.
And then there’s “Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story,” the faux biopic starring John C. Reilly, coming in December from the comedy workshop of Judd Apatow.
She wasn’t so much complaining about her mother’s anxiety as she was expressing sympathy — poor Mom, such a worrier.
Still, Mr. Rock acknowledged that Oldsmobile, which had relied on the advertising slogan “This is not your father’s Oldsmobile,” was badly in need of rejuvenating.
Spot on, Ms. Warner.
“I’ve been dreaming about that kick every day,” Rauch said.
Mrs. Perilla de Gómez, who came to the United States in 1991, arrived in a wheelchair.
I would be concerned about the left-leaning tendencies of American academics if you could show me that a large number of right-leaning applicants for those positions had been turned away.
The gears did not catch; the watch did not tick.
In the summer of 1936, he won the United States Eastern Olympic Trials at Harvard Stadium.
Nothing is for sale there, but you can buy the work of more than 30 local potters, painters and fabric artists at Commonwheel Artists Co-op, one of about a dozen galleries in town.
25, Atlantic Chip Shop, 129 Atlantic Avenue (Henry Street), will serve 19 English and Irish beers and cask ales, and on Nov.
He spent four years at the Juilliard School of Music, but left without a degree because of his decision to change his major from piano to musical composition.
She has asked the State Legislature to hold hearings in Buffalo on the issue, sent letters of protest to the governor and to Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo.
Those costs are now expected to rise to almost $40 billion by 2011, nearly equivalent to the entire city budget in 2001.
This is a very nice fable about how people ought to behave.
It also said it would build hybrid-electric versions of the Chrysler Aspen and Dodge Durango, two sport utility models.
They had $45 in the bank and a vision of providing rigorous training to fine artists and craftsmen alike.
Not all outsiders are alike.
They have submitted billion-dollar offers and elaborate development plans for what would be the largest project in Manhattan, on 26 acres stretching across the equivalent of six city blocks overlooking the Hudson River.
Lion Theater on Theater Row, 410 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 279-4200.
His father died when he was young, and his mother became the mistress of a local tax collector, according to Mr. Lintner.
Ms. Bhutto, who leads the biggest secular political party in Pakistan, has sharply criticized the emergency rule, but has stopped short of criticizing General Musharraf himself.
A blond nurse asked him what her hair color was, and he said brown.
Casey Janssen retired Melky Cabrera on a grounder, finally ending the inning.
(Norton, $35.)
Henry H. Harteveldt, a travel analyst at Forrester Research, says larger groups shouldn’t restrict themselves to the Internet as they seek the best rates.
Biju Mathew of the New York Taxi Workers Alliance said the group’s 90 percent figure came from a count of taxis heading into Manhattan from Queens and Brooklyn, where many taxi garages are located, between 4:30 and 7:30 a.m.
But at some point the talking stops, the performance begins, and the audience is asked — expected really — to be quiet and pay attention.
He was part of the West London squatter scene and the leader of a band called the 101ers when punk rock arrived.
Hans-Joachim Klein was the child of a Jewish mother who committed suicide after being released from the Ravensburg concentration camp.
Around 100 houses and town houses were constructed with the public course originally, but early this year it was sold and plans for this new residential project began.
The left-wing nutjobs in our party who sit around watching Bill Maher?
The Danes, ranked No. 6, have beaten China only once, in 2001.
She reported that the one that gouged out the Chicxulub crater at the tip of Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula, which had been the prime suspect in the extinction, struck at least 300,000 years before the dinosaurs died out.
While he was shooting what would be his last picture, “The Lovers’ Wind,” in Tehran in 1970, his helicopter crashed; he was 48.
The Kimberly-Clark Corporation, the maker of Huggies diapers and Scott towels, reported profit yesterday that rose more than analysts had forecast and raised its earnings outlook in light of higher international sales and a weaker dollar.
In hindsight, Exner later told his son, it was the right decision — even though Exner and Loewy would come to loathe each other while working together for Studebaker.
Mr. Spitzer can either figure out how to operate the governor’s office more skillfully for the next three years, or he can fail in his vital mission to reform and restart New York State.
They have power to charge up computers and, by next year, will have WiFi access at their seats.
As if visiting the zoo, people come from all over to gape at the varieties of grass in the fields and to see what is growing here, among other things, 15 strains of potatoes and, for the first time, annual flowers: chrysanthemums, violas, petunias.
Some of Bear Stearn’s businesses reported gains, but sometimes barely.
But her maneuvers wowed the crowds.
Cigna said it expected the deal to close in the first half of 2008 and to add to its full-year 2008 earnings forecast of $4 to $4.20 a share.
Starting from a virtual standstill 10 years ago, subprime lenders became by far the fastest-growing segment of mortgage lending before they collapsed.
He embodies interconnectedness where the Bush administration has projected separateness.
Dimensions fall away from the Traveler faster and faster until, by the end of the movie, he's an old man in a white room where a black monolith appears to him at the moment of death.
She is polarizing as she confronted the ‘polarizing’ issue…..sweet irony.
China's 8 to 12 million Catholics are split between a state-sanctioned church and an underground church that rejects government ties and answers only to Rome.
If we began to count it would be a shock.
Some semesters, Ms. Droba said, she taught as many as seven courses at four colleges, including across the border in Canada.
First, Judith, I feel for you as a fellow sufferer, though no where near your level.
At their request, I help clients of all ages Google prospective purchases, which they then buy over the phone or at a store.
Although your contact with Lennon was interesting, I thought you overdid matters stylistically.
The only answer is to put ‘em all on meds?
When you do the math, I’m sleeping just as much as most people, probably about seven hours a day.
You can grab a cobra with it too.
Where else should the Mets make changes to guarantee something like the 2007 season doesn’t happen again?
The new addition to the system circles 55 Cancri at roughly the distance of Venus in our own solar system, in the so-called habitable zone where it is warm enough for liquid water.
When life gets busy, you don’t pay anything.
Running time: 1 hour 25 minutes.
She omits the talk-show psychology and instead lets the clues seep through the realistic-sounding snippets and strings of dialogue, through sentences (not speeches), questions (not confessions) and silences as lived in as the story’s recognizably real and revelatory spaces.
Sony ended up buying the movie and footing the bill for the re-editing, which proved far less intrusive than Mr. Kelly had expected.
Pinot gris from Alsace can age very well, but those wines tend to be more expensive.
And, as an experienced trial lawyer, he could take on Mr. Cheney.
Hong Kong’s benchmark index fell roughly 2.7 percent and Korea’s dropped by more than 3.7 percent.
Still, it has struggled to find ways to grow.
By that point, my major concern was for the laptop and carry-on, which had been out of sight.
With its recent dissipation, the halls of Ruth’s former residence should be watched for a possible reappearance.
For ordinary residents here in Indonesia, a country the WWF says is highly vulnerable to climate change, a political solution cannot come soon enough.
I did not want my children to be raised in the Jewish religion or have anything to do with being Jews."
Nothing if not on party message, the senator has taken aim at Iran, which, he tells Roth, is allowing Iraqi terrorists to cross its borders on their way to Afghanistan, where they will fight alongside Al Qaeda.
But the best days for the big vehicles have passed, and G.M. is eager to break the Asian stranglehold on midsize sedans by offering a redesigned Malibu.
Mr. Browne said he planned to raise the issue on Monday at a pretrial hearing.
On the tapes, Ms. Schiro contradicted her testimony, emphatically and directly denying Mr. DeVecchio’s involvement in most of the killings.
Sometimes being a parent also means being willing to sacrific time with them so you can pay the mortgage and buy them food.
Despite this, there are 800 such products on the market and sales have long been strong.
Though he exudes solar heat and energy on his own, he is also inevitably “too much i’ the sun” (as Hamlet would say) of the flickering image of Burton.
PS> to the Moderators, I suppose I just wasted 5 minutes of my lifetime writing all of this, because you probably wont publish it anyway.
The governor orders a review that sounds more aggressive than wildfires past.
Youkilis fouled off six two-strike pitches, doing his best imitation of the Bee Gees by staying alive, staying alive.
20 — Senator Barack Obama said the leader of the civil rights division of the Justice Department should step down after suggesting that minority voters were not widely disenfranchised by laws requiring photo identification because many members of minorities died before reaching old age.
Google, like many Silicon Valley companies, gives each of its new employees stock options, as well as a smaller number of shares of Google stock, as a recruiting incentive.
6.
As opposed to a few cases where I found things that clearly had been moved.
I looked through the mail slot, but there was nobody there.
Now, someone, get out a ping pong ball and a lamp and figure this out!
The reason for the decline is not hard to understand.
Every sentence in a news story, though, has the potential to spiral off in new directions, and that's where The Lede's mission begins. + City Room Our blog about New York City. + Newsvine Updated by the People, for the People. + Passport By Foreign Policy magazine.
That rhythm is all the more stirring because the season is so penetrating, the winter darkness so long.
For instance, while he insists that he barely knew François Genoud, a Swiss Nazi who financed Palestinian terrorism, Mr. Genoud called him “an old friend” after he invited Mr. Vergès to represent Barbie, the so-called “butcher of Lyon,” in his 1987 trial.
Edward’s obsession with this lothario and disinterest in the affairs of state, and his marriage to Isabella (Claire Lautier), draw the ire of Mortimer, played ferociously by Matthew Rauch, whose eyes burn in the show’s most electric performance.
The only stay-at-home dad in the neighborhood, he wore a suit and vest around the house.
The Bush administration’s days are numbered.
He said he could not train as hard as usual while fasting.
Democratic aides conceded that there was little they could do to control comments by Mr. Obey and Mr. Murtha, both senior lawmakers.
But Performa 07’s events have been packed.
Last month, the company said that in addition to the fastener shortage, Boeing and its production partners had run into unanticipated snags involving the availability of certain specialized parts for the plane as well as the programming of its flight-control software.
The humorous 30-second spot shows Lofton’s gear supposedly being sent to destinations like New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Japan.
A watch says something about yourself.
On the bright side, the 1988 strike played a big role in introducing at least one guilty pleasure to a national audience.
Gregory L. Schulte, the American envoy to the agency, telephoned Dr. ElBaradei, who was traveling in Uruguay, and told him that the American assessment is “close to what you’ve been saying,” the agency official said.
Microsoft dropped thousands of parachutes holding software onto a town in Illinois last year, and Target suspended the magician David Blaine in a gyroscope above Times Square for two days.
Reggie Jackson once famously said, “Sometimes I underestimate the magnitude of me,” but apparently not A-Rod, unless, perhaps, the subject is the one Jackson is an expert on — elite performance in October.
We cover start-ups, giant enterprises, government policies and the way technology is used around the world.
Mr. Thrun heads the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, and Mr. Montemerlo is a senior researcher at the lab.
Do some G.O.P. presidential candidates share a secret?
The problem is, the same conservatives who have dominated national politics for a long time, whose views are the ones ‘put there to be brought down’, don’t want there to be a counterbalance to this on campuses, they want total control of the whole message, so their complaints are often political control issues, not about freedom on campuses.
Citing the past misuse of social sciences in counterinsurgency campaigns, including in Vietnam and Latin America, some denounce the program as “mercenary anthropology” that exploits social science for political gain.
After short-circuiting consideration of votes on some bipartisan proposals on Iraq before the August break, senior Democrats now say they are willing to rethink their push to establish a withdrawal deadline of next spring if doing so will attract the 60 Senate votes needed to prevail.
Although he is disappointed that Duwon dropped out of school and stopped showing up at weekend gatherings, he expressed relief last week when Lee Brown, a member of his security team who has kept tabs on Duwon, reported that he was regularly going to church and actively looking for a job.
Mr. Bhatia estimated that E*Trade could lose up to $5 billion if it tried to sell its mortgage portfolio today.
As is true for any species dominant in the natural world, the US must continue to adapt to these changes or fade into irrelevance.
The Padres lost their final three games when winning any of them would have sent them into the postseason for the third straight year.
Brian Springer’s bizarre documentary “The Disappointment: Or, the Force of Credulity,” which crams a surplus of ideas into 70 brief, often head-scratching minutes, is, among many things, a treatise on how history is passed along, altered and sometimes lost through archaeological findings.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
A difficult position to be in.
Another Californian, Steve Allen of Valencia, tracks his favorite team, the University of Notre Dame’s football team, via a Web site that he subscribes to for $7.95 a month (IrishIllustrated.com).
We must return again and again to the roots of human existence and consider our prospects in centuries to come.
A modern boutique hotel in the historic city of Puebla, La Purificadora is a cool alternative for design-savvy travelers who aren't sticklers for service.
Lenders say that in general higher rates are justified to account for the bigger risks posed by borrowers who have a poor record at paying bills on time and defaulting on debts.
The “OFF” image was taken after (most) the cannonballs were removed from the road.
Many interviewees concede that the resistance is both disorganized and decentralized, and imply that some of the fighters are ethnic partisans jockeying for a slice of what will remain should the United States pull out.
Mirabelli must have experienced a short-term memory loss.
When “The Jazz Singer” opened in a single theater on Broadway on Oct.
Part of its success in attracting donors and supporters, film executives say, is attributable to the industry’s self-interest in making its talent pool more diverse.
Snyder sobbed when he heard the first verdict, while members of the church greeted the news with tightlipped smiles.
We kept our voices down because it was considered highly disrespectful to make such claims in the same building where Robert capa’s brother was the director.
He said yesterday that Dr. Wecht would wait for lab results before announcing his conclusion.
For children in low-income communities to thrive, they need extended school days characterized by challenging and rigorous work with substantive tutoring support (physics, lit, Latin), arts and music, athletics, spoken word/performance poetry, debate and chess leagues, healthy meals and snacks, service-learning, and space for real conversations with students about challenges that affect them woven into the school day (violence, relationships with caregivers and peers, discussions about choices and responsibility).
Among them may have been the seventeen-year-old Adolf Hitler, who had just seen Mahler conduct Richard Wagner's Tristan und Isolde in Vienna.
Again, how much traffic that road got is a relevant piece of information.
“We can’t afford any injuries,” Bowden told reporters last week before the team left for Nashville.
Man, that campaign was so… what?
Except for a mid-semester break and excursions every other Thursday to pick up supplies in Tupper Lake, students do not leave the site.
Some restaurants, on the other hand, have seen a dearth of pre-theater traffic made up for by a steady stream of customers during what would otherwise be showtime.
Stand her in the middle of a darkened Victorian dining room draped with holiday greenery, a Christmas tree twinkling in the corner.
What the situation will be like ten years from now is anyone’s guess.
PALM BEACH, Fla., Nov.
The constitutional assembly, in which Mr. Correa’s party holds a large majority, has already suspended Congress and is replacing it with a legislative assembly until the new charter is put to a vote and new elections are held next year.
At the time, he was also working on the all-conquering 917 racecar.
Last year, more than 50 million tons was recovered and less than 36 million went into landfills.
Many of these were never released, but others were projected at Warhol’s Factory, in movie theaters and even in a discothèque, as part of a multimedia blowout featuring the Velvet Underground.
Some 30 miles of roaming had not resulted in a single moose sighting, but we traveled in comfort.
Mangini would not rule him out of Sunday’s game against the Giants.
His influence can be seen almost any time you go into a good wine shop and spot people looking at the labels of wines to check the importer.
Errol Morris had the idea of creating a new social setting, very wide, very public, and allowing for us all to assert and reassert on a not so crucial question of truth.
“They can ban iPods all they want, but how do you think they are going to enforce that when those things have gotten so small?” said Richie Sais, 46, a police officer in Suffolk County on Long Island, before running the Marine Corps Marathon.
Dam opponents have scored a handful of victories.
But bad news has come back to haunt G.M., surprising investors and even G.M. executives, who did not anticipate the problems posed by a collapsing housing market and slower auto sales.
Oprah is well-known as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, and of course she takes that very seriously.
He’s a lot like your tax accountant, only a little shyer.
It’s more than just baseball caps, rock ’n’ roll, blue jeans and four-letter words, although those are bad enough.
A strangely, at times ridiculously, miscast Timothy Olyphant stars as the titular contract killer, who has been raised by some monastic-looking male order to travel the world in bloody business class, from Africa to Europe to Russia with hate.
I think both photos are authentic no matter which was taken first.
We need these people.
One cannot be an immigrant and be illegally in the country at one and the same time.
Nice job.
I wish I had my copy of The Whole Mirth Catalog, so I could pass on the legacy of good old-fashioned Fun.
Based on that, I’d have to say that Fenton found the road littered with cannon balls and took the “On” photo - after all, the landscape itself isn’t so remarkable as to cause a photographer of the era to stop the wagon, set up his equipment and take the picture unless there was something there to attract his attention - and then after the road was cleared took the “Off” photo.
Hello,,Dick Cavett for President of the United States of America.
One of the birds pardoned by President Bush last year, Fryer, died this month at Disneyland in California.
In an hour, we were dressed and at work, preparing small mackerel marinated with herbs and cleaning the fish for a bouillabaisse.
Oh, so tender…What I want to say about war is that it starts here, inside the human heart.
Shame on South Carolina’s Democratic Party for believing it is more knowledgeable than the people of South Caroline.
Shares of E*Trade Financial tumbled yesterday after an analyst suggested that the company might have to seek bankruptcy protection if panicked customers withdrew deposits because of the brokerage’s faltering mortgage investments.
In four years of friendship, he had never heard that story.
Its slight grittiness is suited to the life of young bohemians in Paris, who turn into enlisted soldiers at the start of Act IV.
DENNIS PURCELL: It’s up there, and it just went like this.
Of galactic immortality.
I sat on several committees and knew many graduate students.
If he is serious about saving the planet, and if he wants to reassure the unions that workers will still have time with their families, he should consider introducing tax incentives for hibernation.
A Day After a School Brawl, a Town Asks, Why?
Which third baseman do the Red Sox want?
Some rail cars coming into Jersey City are currently loaded on barges and moved across the harbor to the 51st Street yard.
Try acupuncture, yoga, feverfew, butterbur, CoQ10, riboflavin, magnesium, whatever.
Industry analysts say these businesses have a lot of potential, but they face challenges, too.
He handles patients like me all the time.
And why the excessiveness of pain, more than enough to serve the evolutionary function of warning of us dangers or bodily damage?
The search was technically first called off last week after 22 days, but was reignited over the weekend when Air Force computer analysts thought they might know where Mr. Fossett is based on a reinterpretation of radar data.
Rhubarb.
They always call him first because they have told him they know he really teaches, rather than baby sits the kids.
China’s health officials have known of this regulatory gap since at least the mid-1990s, when a chemical company sold a tainted ingredient that killed nearly 100 children in Haiti.
That same day, the police announced that they were searching for Abbott for killing the waiter.
While welcoming the news that General Musharraf would hold elections in January rather than delay them, they questioned whether elections could be legitimate if held when the country remains effectively under martial law, with opposition parties in lockdown and unable to campaign or assemble freely.
Could it be accurately measured in the photographs – that subtle shifting of shadows from right to left or up and down?
Dr. Mignot, who has devoted his career to studying narcolepsy, has been “a real pioneer in this,” said Giulio Tononi, a sleep researcher at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
In 1994 Ms. Crichton produced “Midnight Ramble,” an examination of the hundreds of films produced by black directors between World Wars I and II, with characters contradicting the Hollywood stereotype of shuffling, eyeball-rolling blacks.
I don’t suppose I ever had it in me — the clarity of vision required for a career in protest politics — but at that moment, my participation was the most important part of my student life.
What he saw in Justin Zackham’s screenplay was much more upbeat: a story of two men making the most of their life while they still have it, of friendship in the face of death.
Within the industry, Holiday Inn’s rebranding has generated some skepticism, partly because some of its hotels have marginally profitable full-service restaurants, at a time when newer midscale competitors emphasize limited — and often self-service — food options.
Although some studies suggest bed sharing puts children at higher risk for sudden infant death syndrome, the data are not conclusive.
It also has several hundred tenants, some of whom have been fighting the conversion in state court and others complaining that elderly market-rate tenants were being forced out.
It leafs out earlier than most other trees, so the shade will — eventually — greet you when you arrive.
Mr. Battsek’s demeanor has helped him cross the ocean without much turbulence.
Next time you open your mouth and say something about Iran Mr. Bollinger please educate yourself instead of using talking points written by those that lust for war.
Some of the unsigned players said yesterday that they wanted to return.
Isaac Julien’s latest film installation is like a slow, aching spiritual: full of beauty but with a tragedy at its core.
He batted .235 with 6 homers, and his .202 average with runners in scoring position ranked seventh worst in the National League, according to Stats L.L.C. The Mets expect considerably more offense from the 29-year-old Church.
Translated by Natasha Wimmer.
So it appears that his new position was safe enough to be out of the direct line of fire but still so close to it that balls were bouncing and rolling around near him, on the road and the hill to the left.
Nothing aggravates Clinton advisers more than the idea that Mrs. Clinton will be the skunk at the Democratic garden party next November.
MySpace will announce today that more than 50 large advertisers, including Ford and Taco Bell, are using its so-called HyperTargeting ad program, which scours user profiles for interests and then delivers related ads.
The city’s tourism agency, NYC & Company, is rushing to open an office in Toronto, which would be its first in Canada.
The ants going the other direction turned away from the oncoming traffic and formed flanking lanes.
So finding a cannon ball placed on the road that then located itself in such a depression shouldn’t surprise anyone.
Our expectation of perfect sleep may not always be biologically feasible.
But let that pass.
Richardson is a writer with whom a reader can’t resist engaging.
Then, he abruptly canceled them.
No party will unite with the other on even the simplest topics.
If you have to see a televised football games, there’s always a sports bar.
Both hotels offer a courtyard pool, air-conditioning and high-speed, in-room Internet access.
Someone was asking if mac are affected.
She said she was bracing herself for what might happen next week, if the board votes to resume withdrawals at a meeting scheduled for Tuesday.
But before the House could vote, Republicans tied up the measure in bureaucratic knots and Democratic leaders pulled it.
I guess I was optimistic I could pay, and that I wasn’t hurting anyone.
It is more likely the case that the canon balls were OFF the road and then added ON for the second photograph.
By allowing Marbury to return immediately to the rotation, Thomas risked alienating the rest of his players, who were already expressing confusion over roles.
Arguing against free trade and immigration is not only bad policy, it’s also pointless.
The European Union is deeply unpopular among some sections of the British public, as it is in several other European countries, and Britain’s popular press is skeptical about the benefits of European integration and the surrender of national sovereignty.
The U.P.S. has an inverter, which converts the direct current electricity from the batteries to household alternating current and regulates the voltage.
With this layout the winning defense is deceptively difficult.
CSpan, CSpan Books (LA Book Festival, National Book Festival), Charlie Rose, Washington Week, the Daily Show, the Colbert Report, CCTV (Chinese Programming), art, music, literature, travel.
Ray Lucia calls this approach “bucketizing,” as in keeping a bucket of cash for emergencies and opportunities.
This purchase was just one of many steps in the journey that began more than a year ago when Mr. Rushmore, a consultant, and Ms. Kim, a former banker who left her job to concentrate full time on renovating the new apartment, decided to buy a duplex just off Park Avenue for $6 million.
The tiff started when Harbaugh openly speculated in The Los Angeles Times this spring that Carroll would be leaving U.S.C. after this season.
The Associated Press reported from the town of Sirnak that Turkish warplanes and helicopters were attacking positions along the southern border with Iraq that are suspected of belonging to Kurdish rebels who have been fighting Turkish forces for years.
The threads of friendship and enmity running through this book are long ones.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
I do not like Hilary Clinton, but I did understand her answer and I can’t understand the fuss made over it.
Some critics argue that felt tips had a lot to do with the softer car shapes that appeared in the mid-1980s.
What if the Colts (7-0) are unable to avoid what has happened to the eight teams that came before them?
Taxes in the United States — from the federal income tax and Social Security tax to local property levies — rose to 28.2 percent in 2006, from 25.6 percent of gross domestic product in 1975, the O.E.C.D. said.
If the mayor is found to be more intimately involved with Bloomberg L.P., he may be viewed by the public as more accountable for any mistreatment of employees, if it is shown to have occurred.
“Hamlet” continues through Oct.
Because of the huge size of the rivers in the East and the small amount of water required for Eastern irrigation, only a tiny fraction of the water in Eastern rivers would be needed for farming.
Some say that Bennett is the better singer, but Bennett only ’sings’ his lyrics, and while that’s OK, Sinatra always put himself in the place of the teller of the tale, whether it was in lyrics or a script.
A majority are friends and family of couples she has united.
But then he was also supposed to appear at his 80th birthday, and his 81st, and the May Day parade, and guessing about Mr. Castro’s fate, plans and intentions has become a parlor game in Havana.
As a parent, I find it hard to believe that someone with an over-active (but non-ADHD) child would give there child a drug that speeds them up.
He’ll answer any question posed to him–any question, and he’ll give an honest answer.
The research, published this month in The Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior, is the latest testament to the power of the family meal.
But education level and age were significant.
Of course no one was at dinner — this was happy hour.
The FQ-360 goes from a stop to 60 miles an hour in 3.9 seconds — faster than a Porsche GT3.
The Dow finished the week down nearly 1.5 percent at 12,980.88, near its lowest level since April.
But nothing had emerged that made Chilean wine especially distinctive.
Dwayne Martins, chief financial officer at Erie Processing, declined to comment on whether his company had received a request from Mr. Cuomo’s office.
They were celebrating and ratifying a movement that Mr. Obama has been building for months.
Mr. Cunningham, 88, has always been an outstanding choreographer of dance duets, and yet it is part of his unpredictability that he often creates works with no duets while occasionally creating works of principally duets.
The doctors there had her airlifted to Children’s Hospital in nearby Birmingham, Ala.
Election observers said that although many polling places were a bit chaotic, the vote seemed to be free and fair.
“There’s the idea that nature is running through the building,” Mr. McKean said.
Mr. Hysenlekaj and other workers had gone to the work site at Hughes Avenue and Oak Tree Place in the Tremont section to lay a section of two-inch pipe that would connect an apartment building under construction there to a city water main beneath Oak Tree Place.
I am in fact, a dedicated liberal Democrat.
Relieved?
One scene follows a mother and her young daughter as they visit the makeshift grave of the girl’s murdered father.
Does all that lovely money truly make up for the punishing grind of pitching series and movies to executives 10 years your junior?
American funds devoted to reconstruction have come to about $45 billion, compared to about $40 billion from Iraq.
Or librarians? or school teachers?
So my remedy is to consider to find a dry climate to move to when I am able to retire.
A site for sharing photos and video was not necessarily Mr. Levchin’s favorite among the dozen or so ideas he pondered.
But after an exhausting day in the classroom, lecturing, administering quizzes, and writing out bathroom passes, will teachers really want to come home to elevators and hallways filled with their colleagues?
The doctor also diagnosed Ben’s acquired torticollis, a shortening of the neck muscles that caused his head to tilt.
The free-agent pool won’t fill out a starting team of 40-somethings, but it could make a good start with 43-year-old Barry Bonds.
“Trying to solve emissions in the E.U. or G-8 will not solve the problem unless emerging economies and their cement production are included,” Mr. Luneau said.
No beginnings and no endings just the “All One”.
On that basis, analysts on average had forecast profit of 71 cents per share on revenue of $1.24 billion, according to Reuters Estimates.
“The question is a little bit outside of our charter,” General Jones replied, quickly adding, however, that the commission agreed that political progress was crucial and had yet to materialize.
It’s a shame Rutu was so self-absorbed!
And when his brother and their invalid mother struggle back to health after a suspicious car crash, Joe has new respect for Yankee grit.
The enormous royal complex that Ly Thai To built did last, not 10,000 generations, but 900 years, through three major dynasties and repeated foreign invasions.
The campaign even got into trouble for prompting a college student to ask Clinton about global warming.
467 pp.
In that group, as many as one in four diagnosed cases is fatal.
But no individual’s renouncing Adderall can have any effect on his fellow students.
Those teams — Oakland, Pittsburgh, New England, Indianapolis, Tennessee and Dallas — have a combined record of 24-4.
Yet now, with middle age encroaching upon the girls who cut their hair like Dorothy Hamill and carried lunchboxes that sported the face of the original Bionic Woman, the seventies are coming back to life, and looking a whole lot better in retrospect.
Madden broke the 1-1 tie when he stole a clearing pass at center ice, skated in on Toronto goaltender Vesa Toskala and beat him with a shot over the glove for the Devils’ first short-handed goal of the season.
The show, spread throughout 2.5 million square feet of exhibition area, features 88 world premieres, most of which focus on some aspect of clean diesel, zero emissions or hybrid technology.
Topamax is a good drug, but there are several others, including nortriptyline, Effexor XR, zonisamide, and Inderal, among others, and Botox does help some people with no systemic side effects at all.
Stephen Krashen, a professor emeritus of education at the University of Southern California, said that based on his analysis of other data, reading was not on the decline.
Mr. Rodriguez, who was 12 when his mother brought him to the United States, was deported to Mexico in late October.
I am a bit sad that I have never had the time to meditate about questions like that, but only puzzle over them for a short time, and, then, faced with a more insistent attention-getter, cast them aside.
Glad that Costco will cover what Vizio won’t (though their new return policy is good, it’s far less good than it used to be).
WHILE YOU’RE LOOKING The Rhett House Inn (1009 Craven Street, 843-524-9030; www.rhetthouseinn.com), a plantation home that dates from 1820, is in the downtown historic district.
Richard Gere signed on early, too.
Parenting is hard work for either gender!
That idea quickly reverberated on the presidential campaign trail.
All the drugs are synthetic forms of erythropoietin, or Epo, a protein made by the kidneys that stimulates the body to produce more oxygen-carrying red blood cells.
We need a candidate with the experience and electability who will work for change, end this war as well as work for health care.
Watching her performance I felt some of the same excitement I recall experiencing when Annette Bening shimmied on screen with her transfixing turn in “The Grifters” almost two decades ago.
The benefit is available regardless of how long a worker has been at a company.
As for performance forays, that’s where Mr. Asri comes in.
Like so many of their National League brethren in the past four years, the Colorado Rockies have struggled to compete against the American League representative.
Among 18- to 44-year-old women, Mrs. Clinton was viewed favorably by 47 percent.
“In more than 20 years that have passed, the dam authority and official Chinese media have been reluctant to utter one word about problems with the big dam project,” Dai Qing, a prominent dam critic, wrote on the Web site of Probe International, an environmental group.
He wants to save the world.
And this is all in support of the opinion that ON is the preferred photograph, by the way.
So it is Johnson’s title to lose as Gordon reluctantly begins to look to the future.
“The general public should be extra vigilant about their surroundings, especially in trains, buses, crowded areas and even in schools,” a police spokesman said.
This isn’t about mac and pc.
Mr. Boyd capably transmits the character’s unsettling jumpiness, the glints of malice and resentment in his friendly chatter.
Shay had been training for the past five months in Flagstaff, Ariz., alongside Abdi Abdirahman, a race favorite who dropped out with a hip flexor injury after about 18 miles.
I was brought up in a religious background, but I turned away from religion when I saw that it was inflexible, intolerant, and unable to keep up with the pace of life.
Four posts about the Kindle from three different reporters in less than 24 hours?
Tony Wilson, the mythomaniacal founder of Factory, a producer of “Control” and the subject of Michael Winterbottom’s “24 Hour Party People” (which touches on the Joy Division story), died in August.
Perle is 66, and before he was a “neocon” he was a “hard-liner” — an enemy of détente who considered the Soviet Union an evil empire long before Ronald Reagan used the term.
Ms. Oeh and Mr. Balistreri will not be among the 92 percent of Americans who will eat turkey today, as estimated by the National Turkey Federation, a trade group.
The two younger children remained with their father in Dubai.
She hailed me and congratulated us both on “not missing anything!” and stopped to chat a few minutes, pulling my college classes out of me for subject material.
23, 1930, in Chicago.
In the same role, he followed Coughlin to the N.F.L. with the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars.
What vibration?
The subtext of this whole argument is the assumption that there is an equal supply of teachers willing to pay for several years of training so they can get the same pay as a waiter.
Unfortunately, I know that this is almost certainly wishful thinking: American culture (encouraged, I might add, by our current president) is unlikely to relinquish its idealization of the he-man anytime soon.
Our two daughters (22 and 17) were game although neither had heard of either Cavett or Vidal — and they only knew of Mailer because, many years earlier, we had named our tough and surly half-Manx cat Norman in his honor.
Was the nominee truly qualified, with a professional background worthy of the job?
ALTHOUGH 50 million people in the United States have some form of physical or mental disability, they spend money just as easily as others.
Low cinderblock walls built along fire-prone stretches of highways — similar to those that are used along freeways as sound barriers in cities — would greatly limit the spread of fire.
Supporters of transgenic tree research say that because of the long time it takes to grow trees, conventional breeding is difficult.
As long as we have IDIOTS in power we will continue to sink lower and lower in the eyes of the world.
American officials say the spike in migration is due to a lack of hope for change on the island, since Raúl Castro took over as president from his brother Fidel last year.
Kudos to the younger generation for recognizing “Parenting” (i.e gender neutral term for Motherhood to include Fatherhood) as a perfectly acceptable career. (one may work at a “job”, but a “career” that requires being put ahead of family is not at all required.) people who choose a “career” should recognize the trade-offs, and folks who change their minds later should not be criticized or shamed.
PARIS (Reuters) - A United States arbitration panel has ended deliberations on 2006 Tour de France winner Floyd Landis's doping case and will reveal its ruling in the next seven days, the American's legal team said on Monday.
26?
On the night of the fire, Ms. Arroyo had climbed the five stories to the apartment that her daughter shares with a man.
Even Cokie Roberts relented and returned to the show to promote a book.
The article should really be about why the “wired” crowd is actually paying for the time slaughtering drivel that cable produces.
But Mr. Beckett’s Miles is about as creepy as a 10-year-old can be.
Your suggested response for Hillary was perfect.
"The blatant actions of First American and eAppraiseIT have contributed to the growing foreclosure crisis and turmoil in the housing market.
“On Facebook, we know exactly what gender someone is and exactly what age they are,” Mr. Zuckerberg said.
He said that would put producers like himself back in a more powerful position.
I certainly don’t care what Judith Warner thinks.
I hope to read much more from you in the coming months and years.
In some ways, Mr. Black is just another in a long line of white-collar criminals sentenced for corporate fraud.
The company took a $38.6 billion deferred-tax charge during the third quarter, and also had other one-time charges.
Union leaders and city officials differed over the effectiveness of the walkout.
The immigration debate has given some Republicans real hope that they can keep their last shred of control in New York, a two-seat majority in the State Senate.
On my first morning, having been instructed to drink a liter of water at least half an hour before breakfast — more dumplings and cakes, and various meats and cheeses — I trudged up to the well at half past 6, clutching my porcelain spa mug, outfitted with a spout to sip the water through.
Same-store warehouse sales rose 8 percent during the quarter, while U.S. same-store sales grew 5 percent.
In all, 15 deer were brought into Bishop’s on opening day, including a doe Ms. Stevenson shot within 20 minutes of heading into the woods, according to gossip I heard at a local restaurant that night.
He showed that public navies and armies began to displace private contractors in the 19th century, as governments became more powerful and better funded.
The ultimately successful effort put in by people who presumably cannot interact socially and live in complete isolation belies the misinformation in the advertising.
Digitizing human performers actually disrespects what actors can bring to a movie.
The fact that no balls are grouped tightly together on the road or touching each other is further evidence that were manipulated by hand to make it an appealing photograph.
There may be a) drama, b) humor or c) romance in the teenage trauma known as the SATs, but in Jenny Lyn Bader’s play “None of the Above,” it is the title that is the correct answer, at least in the uneven revival being presented by the fledgling South Ark Stage Company.
Even though breathing tests are easy to perform and recommended for high-risk patients like former and current smokers, many doctors do not bother.
Convicts serving life sentences for gruesome crimes focused on their breath, much like the Buddha taught more than 2,500 years ago.
And whatever you do, don’t divorce.
Mr. Trichet emphasized that the European Central Bank’s mandate is to fight inflation.
Mr. Den Herder, who now lives in Arlington, Va., has queried literary agents with a book proposal about the ads and their responses, but has had no replies.
She earned no money as president of the Survivors’ Network or as a volunteer tour guide at ground zero, and colleagues remember events that she sponsored at her own apartment.
Digital TV is a move in the right direction, but not enough.
The Plastics’ most celebrated album, “Egon Bondy’s Happy Hearts Club Banned,” had lyrics by the poet and provocateur Egon Bondy, like those in “No One”: “No one/Nowhere/Never/Ever/Got anywhere/Who me?/Such a fool/I am not.”
Ms. Garner walks respectably through the role of Roxanne in “Cyrano,” but Kevin Kline is so subtle and emotionally moving that you long for him to be engaged on stage with an actress who can match that richness.
A University of California Berkeley-trained engineer, Kluver had collaborated with a number of artists, including John Cage, Robert Rauschenberg and Andy Warhol.
The list is topped by the veteran earmark champions Representative John P. Murtha, a Pennsylvania Democrat who is the chairman of the powerful defense appropriations subcommittee, and Representative C. W. Bill Young of Florida, the top Republican on the panel, who asked for $166 million and $117 million respectively.
Then came the second reason the Porco case stood out.
When not being used by owners, the houses are listed as weekly rentals.
But a great ear for dialogue does not make a great play.
Last year, Toronto paid $30 million.
But in January 1958, sensing a disaster in the making, Ford moved to integrate Edsel with Lincoln and Mercury, creating a division known as M-E-L.
Welsh, who favors pressed khaki pants and buttoned-up polo shirts, is a staunch conservative, a committed Republican and, personally, a politics junkie.
But Bob receives a rude shock when he visits the beautiful woman whose life he saved, who is now a quadriplegic from a bullet in her spine.
Jason Campbell completed 23 of 34 passes for 215 yards and a career-high three touchdowns, including the first touchdown pass to a wide receiver for the Redskins all season.
The Sabres are also without defensemen Dmitri Kalinin (sprained right knee), Jaroslav Spacek (shoulder) and Nolan Pratt (groin strain).
A full half of the audience was new to the Signature.
At times I feel quite helpless and ineffective at helping her to navigate the rocky terrain of the tween years in our media driven culture.
The Agriculture Department, in anticipation of the report, said Tuesday that it would immediately require all business-class travel to be approved by its chief financial officer.
(I’m 27) I guess there’s no reason in principle why people of any age shouldn’t use the site.
Should there be a Republican candidates’ debate in New Hampshire in January next year, one candidate might recall a line from the 1990 “Die Hard 2,” which starred Bruce Willis fighting terrorists at Dulles airport.
In the case of “Redacted” such ambivalence may seem strange, since the film traffics in, and clearly means to provoke, strong, unbalanced emotions.
He collects them partly for reference (“The brochures provide you with the original color codes”) and partly because he’s borderline obsessive-compulsive in both of his life’s pursuits.
Dianelis Cano, 13, who moved here from Cuba less than two years ago, said that she had learned so much English that her mother, a saleswoman in a clothing store, bought her an iPod over the summer as a reward for good grades.
In base form, the Wagon R power plant produces 54 horsepower, which seems ridiculously paltry considering that Suzuki makes motorcycles with engines twice as large that have four times the power.
Riding in improper clothing could lead to hypothermia.
The Panthers, who had lost four in a row, took their first lead when Stephens-Howling scored on a 7-yard run in the fourth quarter.
The “journalists” who moderated that debacle (I believe close to half of the questions were directed at her!!!) should be asked to hand in their press passes and Edwards and Obama should be ashamed of themselves for intentionally misunderstanding her very nuanced answers.
A two-thirds majority is needed to override a veto — 290 votes if all 435 representatives are voting.
28.
You can for small patches, but not for the image as a whole.
And that, in the midst of the very worst evil, there will ALWAYS be people who will try to alleviate that suffering, even if they end up sharing in it themselves.
One slip will not be enough to stop Hillary Clinton from being the nominee.
The problems facing our futures can best be solved with intelliegence, planning, teamwork, hardwork, and monitoring.
The sports authority, a state agency in charge of providing security at Giants Stadium, and the Jets will evaluate the situation game by game and take whatever steps they feel are necessary, he added.
Iran has dismissed the war games as a morale-boosting exercise for American forces.
Facebook users say that throughout November this box quickly appeared on their screens when they used the site of a Facebook partner — and at times, they missed it.
Haneke sat back and shook his head gravely.
I urge you to be relentless in your search.
Haas was forced out of his match against Mikhail Youzhny with a suspected stomach virus.
Genuine productivity lies tantalizingly ahead.
“I think we’re kind of in the groove right now, so if the ground decides that’s the right thing to do and they ask us to do it, we’ll be ready to support it,” she said.
Mrs. O’Donnell asked.
If a distinguished professor such as Fish needs a NYT editorial to explain your position on a single issues then your campaign is in trouble.
They also said the couple went on frequent vacations that would have given the two women ample opportunity to flee.
But the zany effects are more forced than fresh, and the comedy dribbles away entirely in the course of the meandering second act.
In the sixth, with José Veras pitching, Giambi could not handle the bounce on a throw from Abreu in right field that would have ended the inning on a double play.
But the kingdom’s laws will still apply: Israelis, barred by law from visiting Saudi Arabia, will not be able to collaborate with the university.
Then we could sit back and admire the progress.
Subscribers have to send in a scraping of cells from inside the cheek and a check for $985.
You know, the women who don’t believe rape could ever happen to them.
Note the SIZE of the mortor “cannon balls” used.
(Oddly, the story line echoes Paul Verhoeven’s equally absurd, if livelier and more lurid, World War II-era romp, “Black Book.”)
11, he found a way for relatives to descend into the pit while the commemorative ceremony went on across the street.
Animals have brain circuits that sense day length and control the timing of seasonal behavior.
This keeps it hopping, as does a busy itinerary.
Most of the book’s spin, though, is actually in its artwork, by Steve Buccellato and Joe Staton.
With Craig and Brownback destroyed who is next on Satan`s hit list, Mike Huckabee?
If it were a true democracy.
By definition, a stress reaction develops over time and is not generally the result of a single event.
It looks as if the western has chosen this historical juncture to make its reappearance, after a long absence.
When you write down an appointment for next Tuesday, you have faith that you will be here to keep it.
The remote setting proved a fitting backdrop.
ORACLE fired people via overnight mail.
Facts can have a liberal bias or a conservative bias.
The peevish, witty Sondheim lyrics are truly prescient, given the deteriorating quality of air travel nowadays.
That was always hype since the only state where that might have happened was New York — where health costs are especially high.
The executive said the objective was to remind politicians that Tata hires Americans.
Two days later he received a call from the man himself.
Perelshteyn finished with four wins and no losses, including an eighth round demolition of Blas Lugo, an international master.
If there is some object which is common to both photos, such as the stones embedded in the side of the road, simply measure the shadows.
The genre is raw and wide-open, with plenty of material to cover and a few questions to be settled.
It means there will be no Cubs-Yankees World Series this year.
LEE KELLEY: Absolutely.
Iowans saw a subdued, laconic candidate who spoke in a soft monotone, threw few elbows and displayed little drive to distinguish himself from his opponents.
Indeed, as a nation in general, as long as you wave a flag, wear a pin or put a symbol of rememberance on your vehicle as you go shopping, all is well.
14 (AP) — The former All-Pro football player Dewitt Coulter, who played left tackle for the Giants, died here Oct.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
It happened to offer jobs to 1,000 university graduates.
Pat Buckley, 80, writer’s wife and socialite.
He was medically retired from the Marine Corps in December of 2005.
The production notes explain that the children felt more comfortable telling their stories directly to the camera than to an interviewer, but you still have an uneasy sense of being manipulated.
Rhys also strives to avoid oakiness, and its pinot noirs are under 14 percent alcohol, a moderate level rare in California these days and a boon to wine lovers who prefer drinking to sipping.
Real estate agents knocked on their door and took prospective buyers through.
Even a championship is not out of the question.
But he said the intention was still to stage the Cup in Valencia at a later date.
My other favorite releases of the year are “Into Great Silence,” “I’m Not There,” “Killer of Sheep,” “The Bourne Ultimatum,” “Eastern Promises,” “Michael Clayton,” “4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days,” “I Don’t Want to Sleep Alone,” “Lady Chatterley,” “Colossal Youth,” “Monika,” “Superbad,” “Southland Tales,” “No End in Sight,” “Before the Devil Knows You’re Dead,” “This Is England,” “The Savages,” “Year of the Dog,” “Paprika,” “The Host” and the under-appreciated action thriller “The Kingdom.”
If you reject their initial blasts of attention, they lean back into groups and resume full-voiced conversations, even if you stand in their section, suddenly pointing, clearing your throat and waving your arms around.
But they said that they had been unable to persuade her or, in other cases, that she made representations that contradicted previous versions she had given.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Tuesday predicted temperatures this winter will be 1.3 percent cooler than last year.
I’m happy,” Mr. Nisanov said.
Competitive.
At the time of his death, he had 65,511.92 master points, more than 6,000 ahead of the holder of second place.
If we can believe the correspondence and descriptions of the scene as he recorded, this is what I come up with.
The high school is on the Lower East Side, and Bard plans to open a second one, in Queens, in September.
There is an extremely small group of parents and children who actually suffer with these disorders and to them I extend my deepest sympathies.
It’s what led up to there that counts, though, and it’s hard not to wish that the story, good, bad, or indifferent, had found a way to go on.
Rua Dr. Chrysippo de Aguiar 8, Corredor da Vitória; 011-55-71-3267-0930; www.paulodarzegaleria.com.br.
In an odd confluence of events, she then learned that when her grandmother had died years before in Florida, the body was not immediately discovered.
A winning lottery ticket last spring produced center Greg Oden, albeit in need of season-ending knee surgery.
Mr. Minor and Mr. Siegelman may not be so lucky.
LOS ANGELES, Sept.
Now 25 blue-topped containers are spread throughout the ornate halls, and more line the paths of the small park behind the Capitol.
The Big Three for years have blamed that cost disadvantage for their sinking market share in the United States.
The question is whether the Yankees will survive without him, and of course, they can.
I wish you could/would start a weekly (or better, daily) show.
Prosecutors contended that he groped the girls over their clothing.
The neo-Nazi group, the National Guard, clashed Sunday with anti-fascist counterdemonstrators.
The uneasy comparisons don’t end there.
Like Mr. Zetsche and Mr. Reithofer, the vice chairman of Brilliance, He Guohua, said he, too, was confident China would regulate intellectual property more strictly in coming years.
He said they followed proper procedure for handling a person who was displaying erratic behavior.
Hall was in after Selvin Young, who started in place of Travis Henry, went out with a knee injury.
Pricing information was not available.
She asked state energy officials to calculate the financial and environmental cost if St. Paul erected the tree and bulbs now blazing in Rockefeller Center.
I want her to get there on her own.
I was not scarred by my teasing — I have equanimity about it, and I think that I grew into a strong person of self-assurance, in part, because of it and , MAINLY, because of my parents’ balanced response to it.
They smile.
THE best dish I had at Josh DeChellis’s new restaurant, BarFry, might have been the slices of raw fluke ($12), fresh from the waters off Long Island, dressed with minced chives and a squeeze of lime, an appetizer that could kick off a meal at Esca or Soto.
The last words you would associate with her would be pallid, lukewarm, watery.
Every number in the show became an intense rhythmically tricky conversation between the singer and her musicians, whose solos amplified the ideas without tumbling into exhibitionism.
This rural discontent has helped the opposition Democratic Party of Japan, which made closing Japan’s regional economic gaps the central plank of its campaign.
Nobody can dispute that the massive amount of pollution modern civilization spews into the air is not healthy for human beings along with plant and animal life and thus our planet.
Mr. Zucker said NBC Universal planned aggressive cross-promotion of all its women’s brands, which he said included the “Today” show and the Internet site iVillage.
The war broke out on June 5 when, expecting an Egyptian invasion, Israel began a pre-emptive attack.
Not bad for a team that had never beaten a ranked team or cracked the top 25.
“But he couldn’t experience his own death and then write about it, could he?”
Millions of people with respiratory diseases have relied on oxygen equipment, delivered to their homes, to help them breathe.
In 2003, a newspaper in Luanda identified the 20 richest people in Angola: 12 were government officials; 5 were former officials.
The Swamp looks at a testy memo sent to political reporters by the Edwards campaign, seeking to dispel two of the common narratives about the candidate: that his populism in the context of his wealth makes him a hypocrite, and that he must win Iowa.
Good luck.
An excellent analysis!!
“Roast Chicken” is one of those rare cookbooks that, once opened, becomes indispensable — perhaps because it takes so many of the dishes you thought you had already mastered and, quite simply, does them that much better.
Roughly nine million students take the tests each year.
This would make us more vulnerable to anarchist assaults.
Tenants complained of leaks and rats “bigger than cats,” as one longtime resident described them.
His father worked as a presser in the garment district.
Moreover, I am outraged that the Dems (like Pelosi) seem to lack the political outrage and courage to take the Republican crooks head on.
Mr. Liebman said many teachers flee schools that are in the midst of reform and instilling a “culture of accountability.”
The president has said a tax increase is a deal-breaker.
And this backward “broken” economy, he says, is why stars and studio executives are overpaid and movies cost so much.
Microsoft software also powers about 70 percent of the market for servers, so access to that technology will be crucial for competitors.
If Mr. Raabe lacked the dancer’s swing of Astaire’s singing, he brought a slippery legato wistfulness to the song that made you hear it freshly.
Raymond Ortiz, 28, who recently took over as the building’s superintendent, said the number of violations would be down significantly by the end of the month.
But it’s too late for him to say it, because he has already accepted democracy as the premiss and now has to dig his way out.
Meanwhile, one late-night host, David Letterman, made a move to ensure that the staff of his “Late Show” on CBS as well as Craig Ferguson’s “Late Late Show” would continue be paid, although not in full.
Halloween has become so important for Ricky’s NYC, a cosmetics and beauty products chain known for pink wigs, feather boas and glitter, that one of its owners, Todd Kenig, devotes all his time to the holiday.
Instead, it has signed up powerful partners to develop and market the phones, including handset makers like Motorola and Samsung, carriers like T-Mobile, Sprint and China Mobile and semiconductor companies like Qualcomm and Intel.
“Of all the years, it has to happen this year,” said Marvin Levy, a spokesman for Steven Spielberg, who is scheduled to receive an award at the Globes ceremony for his overall contribution to entertainment.
In the past, efforts by state and federal environmental officials to control the swan population have been heatedly opposed by animal rights advocates and by residents who admire the birds.
Deutsche Bank officials could not be reached immediately last night for comment.
The 2003 Cubs-Marlins NLCS.
He said there was a flu going around and that she would probably be fine in a day or two.
Not too surprisingly, the tales he fed compliant interviewers — about growing up in a Catholic orphanage before his adoption by a Jewish family, servicing lonely men for cash during his mean-streets adolescence and the like — turn out to have been fibs.
It is in the midst of being transformed into the Colt Gateway, where 40 units have been occupied for nearly a year.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, some schools that had a small number of students reaching state standards on tests received grades that any child would be thrilled to take home.
He used a larger knife only for slicing.
Therefore, conditional on passage of a few weeks between the battle and the photograph, the OFF photograph was taken first.
She writes about what she views as appeasement of Milbus in actions of two rival civilian prime ministers.
It greets you with a grand internal balcony at the top of a broad, curving limestone staircase: an ideal vantage point for the sumptuous three-story lobby, decorated in golden tones that shimmer like precious metals.
As expected, the chamber’s Democratic leaders ruled the amendment not germane to the sales tax bill.
That lense is broken now, and has been for too long.
Two plays later, Pennington launched a throw that traveled some 55 yards in the air, landing softly in the hands of Coles for a 57-yard touchdown.
Some investors betting on the Fed’s actions yesterday increased the prospects of a quarter-point cut at the next meeting.
Oh these bygone Jewish intellectuals.
For Iraqis of all sects, old offenses linger for decades.
But, oh no.
Although the system has never been sanctioned by any standards body, major search engines have voluntarily complied.
Its like learning to smoke.
Brian Gaffney, executive producer; George Russell, executive editor; Rachel Feldman, producer; Kristi Kilkenny, editor; E. D. Hill, host.
“‘I’ll look it up for you,’ said Chen ...
The Giants built their lead to 13 points in the fourth quarter and were trying to run down the clock by running the ball.
By Phoebe Damrosch.
The public has become so inured to the media’s spin and lies that it no longer gives public people the benefit of the doubt and takes a second look at the matter at issue.
The letter also included the words “white power forever” and included a racial slur, the police said.
Is a “burkini” the solution at a women-only swimming class with a gay male instructor?
Microcosm engineers, he said, are using composite materials for the fuel tanks.
On May 21, 1856, parts of Lawrence were destroyed when Missourians marched on the town with five cannons in tow.
He also proposed to ban private automobiles from the city.
You have to have an operating model that allows two things: that allows customers to easily do business with the company and allows employees to execute.
Given this chilling experience, the Federal Communications Commission should quickly issue regulations that also bar interference with text messaging.
Salesforce has started to look less revolutionary as larger, more established companies have adopted its leasing model.
There are other questions that the producers have to figure out.
I’d also include Harry Potter, but that would take up almost the whole list, so I left it off.
I have read estimates that 6,000 Russians were killed, and 1,600 Allies.
The Ethiopian military has been attacking insurgent strongholds here in the capital after at least three dead Ethiopians were dragged through the streets after being killed in battles with rebels on Thursday.
We welcome the company.
“Now it’s their turn,” Mr. Schwarzenegger says.
PAUL SCHNEIDER is the author of “Brutal Journey: Cabeza de Vaca and the Epic First Crossing of North America” (Henry Holt, 2006).
As a big yankee’s fan I implore the owners to let him go and destroy some other team.
Tony La Russa, who was rumored as a possible replacement last week, is close to re-signing with the St. Louis Cardinals.
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Some cooks prefer a mash with coarse chunks of potato and bits of peel, but that is a different entity from the classic, gravy-loving American mash.
PACERS 105, HORNETS 93 Troy Murphy made up for the absence of Jermaine O’Neal with 23 points, leading Indiana at New Orleans.
In 1996, he met Rebecca Miller after he completed the film version of “The Crucible,” which was based on the play written by her father, Arthur Miller.
My comment is a quick response, and not well composed— but this is not “helicopter parenting.”
This was especially evident when he refused to commit to leaving Iraq by 2013, even conditionally.
That is the systemic racism he used for humour that will always make me slightly uneasy with him.
Polls are done from LIKELY REPUBLICAN VOTERS, well, the world is going to get a wrath of UNLIKELY GOP voters spamming the polls on primary day.
He said he had no idea it was so bad for working women.
Mr. Parker declined comment tonight.
Democracy: Use It Or Lose It!!!
If you lived in Dutchess County, you wouldn’t feel compelled to go to such a drecky place to begin with.
And “The Silence of the Lambs” set a new aesthetic standard for thrillers and won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, in 1991.
A decade of marriage followed, the texture of which is unknowable; Jefferson destroyed the correspondence with Martha.
The owner, who declined to be named, said he bought a powerful jammer for $1,000 because he was tired of his employees focusing on their phones rather than customers.
So far, city records show that 53 properties closed for more than $4 million in October, including a five-story 7,000-square-foot landmark town house bought by Martin Scorsese on East 64th Street on Oct.
Since the grades were released, one common call for change goes to the very heart of the city’s plan: the reduction of a school’s worth to a single letter grade.
The Autobiography of Valentino Achak Deng: A Novel.
Ms. Hourani sells her work at the Foresight Art Center, a spare little gallery near the Four Seasons Hotel in central Amman.
(Mr. Viola, who earned his living as a construction supervisor, did well in the stock market, his nephew said.)
There are also some similarities to the 2001 recession, which likewise followed a huge speculative boom.
The whole business made no sense.
Con Edison said it does not plan to cancel any of its contracts with Shakti after seeing the photographs, though it has been phasing out Indian-made manhole covers for several years because of changes in design specifications.
General Musharraf invited Islamabad’s diplomatic corps to his official residence on Monday to brief them on the situation and on his reasons for declaring emergency rule.
A tin ear for language (sample: “The loggerhead at which science and law now abut may become a tipping point”) and a smattering of minor but annoying factual errors, like misidentifying a few medical experts, do not help.
Land-Based: A cheaper option is to stay at hotels and inns on the inhabited islands, basing your explorations from there.
“We’re experimenting with a lot of behavioral targeting, online and offline,” Mr. Adams said in an interview after his speech, in moving away from a “one size fits all” approach using ads in mass media like TV and print.
A hip-hop disc jockey in New York named Troi Torain, who goes by D. J. Star, was fired by WWPR-FM last year after he threatened to sexually abuse a rival’s 4-year-old daughter.
Our national mindset needs to change.
He posted a scholarly treatise arguing for violent jihad, translated into English.
One of the joys of working in an ambitious new building is that you can watch its personality develop.
The goal is simple and impossible: defend the indefensible.
Alan Mulally, Ford’s chief executive, is probably better positioned than anyone in the American auto industry to answer that question.
Someone who can fix their dinner as well as their toys.
In its weekly inventory report, the Energy Department's Energy Information Administration said oil inventories rose by 1.1 million barrels last week.
Dr. Eugene L. Saenger, who set off a dispute over medical ethics by leading a cold-war research study that exposed patients in Cincinnati to intense doses of radiation, died there on Sept.
The federal excise tax on cigarettes would be increased to $1 a pack, which is 61 cents more than the current levy.
Mr. McCarthy’s book, for all its usual high-literary trappings (many philosophical digressions, no quotation marks), is one of his pulpier efforts, as well as one of his funniest.
To post #6: I have to strongly disagree with the government being more efficient than the civilian world.
Two down with runners at first and second.
Facebook’s problem isn’t that it is another place where you can’t escape from ads so much as it’s a place that’s trying to make money through advertising by using the image of Facebook as a clean, private interface.
But some areas of comment are rightfully wrong (so to speak), and some terms are wrong no matter who says them (black rapper or white radio personality).
I bet you wished you’d planned an easier show–say, with Mailer and Brando.
We headed north to the childhood home of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the eccentric genius whom General Groves hired to run the project’s scientific side as well as its sprawling New Mexico laboratory.
But the worst case is what happened for them, as the Yankees completed a three-game sweep with a 5-0 victory today.
It never ceases to amaze me how political pundits can predict the future.
Nissan’s OneOne is a pet robot able to take the children to school and play with them as well.
In 2003, the veteran umpires Bruce Froemming and John Hirschbeck were suspended for 10 days.
She was 64 and lived in Manhattan.
Ms. Oshima was born in Tokyo on Jan.
It’s interesting to see this point–that the mainstream media doesn’t press candidates on environmental issues–in the mainstream media.
If you have to redefine what “country” means then you haven’t a clue…….
Richmond has never defeated a top 5 team.
The bill is still expected to pass the House, as early as tomorrow, but some members have wondered aloud why they should support a tough measure if the Senate is determined to kill it.
He was referring to a clinical trial, known as Courage, which earlier this year concluded that many patients with chest pains who receive stents are no better off after five years than those who take the best available drugs and follow healthy lifestyles.
Next week: Alison Left and Dick Treekape find themselves alone together.
3 — In his first stint as the coach of the Islanders, from 1973 to 1986, Al Arbour took over a struggling expansion team and won four consecutive Stanley Cups.
He was expected to miss his 17th consecutive game Friday night when Miami played host to Orlando.
While manufacturers had agreed on another provision that would give independent company laboratories the authority to test products and certify their safety, Ms. Nord said she objected to the provision and preferred that the legislation give the commission the authority to defer to the work of the laboratories, should it choose to.
The personal information, Microsoft said, will be stored in a secure, encrypted database.
A spokeswoman for the governor, Lilo Stainton, said he decided to visit the hospital because he noticed that fluid was leaking from the surgical wound on his left leg.
“Oh, my God, you are so creepy,” she said.
But one thing seems certain, Hester has changed the landscape.
A loft on the upper level is open to the living room below.
The letters CM, HP, and P written on the boxes behind him might as well be hieroglyphics; over the years their meaning has been lost.
CHRIS RUSS: But where did the balls come from?
Last month, 38 House Republicans joined 226 Democrats to pass a bill that would expand unemployment compensation to many workers who currently don’t qualify and would provide special help to workers who lose their jobs to trade competition.
There are no visible balls to the farside right.
With Ferrer serving at 3-5, the normally placid Federer pumped his fist after hitting a backhand crosscourt winner to end a long rally.
A surprising number of lizards scuttle through these pages, not just in “Music for Chameleons,” but in descriptions of New Orleans, of Haiti, even of Brando, who is described as a “guileful salamander.”
13, to a seasonally adjusted level of 2,530,000.
The swift personnel moves by the 66-year-old Zell, a self-described ''professional opportunist,'' confirmed his intention to change the status quo at Tribune drastically.
“It was never designed to be a fake news conference,” he said.
On occasion, though, this autonomy has seemed to border on recklessness.
The sheer volume of work on display in the commemoration rescues Rivera from easy classification.
But there are also many negative examples.
While the movie was entertaining, and did a great job of giant robot mayhem, they were nowhere near NYC.
But sixteen years have passed and sixteen's like eighteen once was, maybe.
We talked three more times before I got all the way through to him.
His books are, really, celebrations of multiplicity (“My Name Is Red” is told in the voice of 19 narrators ), which makes them celebrations of unfinishedness; the mysteries they set up are always more delicious than any attempt to solve them.
Several say they are suffering through the worst talent drain their editors can recall.
Mr. Godinez was accused of taking part in the violent robbery of three people outside a bar in Irvington, N.J. Mr. McTigue said that the surviving victim of the shootings, Natasha Aeriel, had left the hospital.
The freeway in northern Los Angeles County was expected to be closed all day Saturday, authorities said.
But now, NYC & Company, the city's tourism agency, is promoting a third path: taking Monday off.
Are Words Worthless in the Climate Fight?
Again, those sets of numbers often dance to different tunes.
A recent glance at Travelocity.co.uk highlighted four-star hotel offers in Rome starting at 48 euros a night and vacation packages in Krakow, Poland.
He could spot one of his own pigeons in a whirling flock a block or two distant, his nephew said.
But the renovation of the 77-year-old Pierre and the temporary closing are still something of a secret.
Do they represent a larger, moderate push back against the extremists that can be built upon to produce a decent Iraq?
That was why Coach Isiah Thomas opened his rotation and played Mardy Collins and Fred Jones on Sunday, and it is why he continues to challenge his starters.
Paul Gimigliano, a C.I.A. spokesman, declined to comment for this article, citing the joint investigation into the matter by the Justice Department and the C.I.A’s inspector general.
It is also a plug-in hybrid that can run on a mixture of gasoline and ethanol.
Commerzbank reported its exposure early, he said, in part to prod other banks to disclose their positions.
But it was also the reason younger and less formally adept musicians were drawn to him, and why they could even find themselves a place on his bandstand.
“It has the smell of earth.”
Take care.
Summoned by Gov. M. Jodi Rell to attend a special session to address school construction bonding, both chambers of the General Assembly adjourned yesterday minutes after they convened.
Now dissidents worry that the world, after its initial uproar, will again leave the Burmese people to cope with the junta on their own.
Though Ms. Harry is no longer climbing around the crumbling piers, she is still finding inspiration in the city, combing the galleries near her Chelsea home (she paints portraits) and going to rock shows (the Gossip, Justin Timberlake).
There are two genuinely honest characters in Roopa Farooki’s fizzy debut novel, “Bitter Sweets.”
They obviously have never lived with someone with the disease or they would know better.
Cue the Springsteen: A year after winning the majority in the mid-term elections, House Democrats gathered to celebrate their legislative accomplishments, while insisting that much work remained to be done.
But there is no proof here that it is one or the other.
Today, one in good condition is worth $4,100, according to Kelley Blue Book.
The choreographer, in bright pink leggings and top, is alone at first on the bare, brightly lighted stage, holding each position — sometimes slumped, sometimes stretched out in dancerly fashion — as if posing for the camera.
My own mother was an unhappy SAHM and I was undoubtedly deeply affected by growing up with an insecure, unhappy mother…let parents be happy, balanced, wherever that may lead them in terms of caring for their kids, and let’s stop judging one another!
I was ready to hire her on the spot.
Why put such a good piece of history in such an out-of-the-way spot?
MOSCOW, Aug.
And they can then tell the patients much of their blood at that very moment is unable to carry oxygen.
My husband and I are both Scout leaders.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Fiji’s competitors take umbrage with that.
The issues raised in this article are grave, and they go to the core of every human’s being.
It also bought options for seven more A380s and 18 Dreamliners.
He was not a flawless human being but always a brilliant performer.
Most important, a system of rotating early primaries would make the campaign less parochial.
Given the asymmetric nature of conflict, which group do we expect to be more affected by an epidemic: large, centralized conventional military forces or small, agile insurgent units?
After Rush Limbaugh referred to Iraq war veterans critical of the war as “phony soldiers,” he received a letter of complaint signed by 41 Democratic Senators.
One of the daredevils in “Steep,” a documentary about extreme skiing, insists he is not hooked on the adrenaline rush of this death-defying sport.
Which economy is the S.& P. 500 supposed to reflect?
Besides his wife, Dr. Rieveschl is survived by two sons, Gary, of Brookville, Ind., and Jan, of New Orleans; five grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
The movies like to promise girls and women a happily ever after, but it’s unusual that one delivers an ending that makes you feel unsullied and uncompromised, that doesn’t make you want to reach for your Simone de Beauvoir or a Taser.
Jugding from the lack of fashion programming, the guys at MTV Arabia are also not paying much attention to how influential the fashion in music videos is on the look of our youth.
I did not see the show but your artful description makes me feel as if I did.
Or, I could be wrong.
It is much more consistent with the hypothesis that the cannonballs were removed for re-use (or for something).
Please.
Supporting his contention, he interprets the 1990s crisis of Asian capitalism as a harbinger of a "fast-developing crisis of global capitalism," a sign that global free markets have become ungovernable.
With 10 runs, the Yankees finished with 968 runs this season, the most since they scored 979 in 1937.
It might also be true - and there is no reason not to believe it so - that at other points in time and place along the road, shot littered the roadway much as in the “ON” photo, but when Fenton came upon the precise location he found to his liking to depict the imagery he wanted to convey, the shot had already been taken “OFF” the road for recycling.
Ford Motor Co. shares rose 25 cents, or 3 percent, to $8.48 after Chief Executive Alan Mullaly said the automaker is in talks with potential buyers of the company's Jaguar and Land Rover brands.
Bad news sells.
As it turns out, Donald Trump has been booked for Jan.
Eliza: When we were little, all four of us would pile into one canoe.
Frank is another story!
Officials computed the grades after assembling a storehouse of data using a new $80 million information system.
The largest percentage ever of American household units, what were called “families” in the old days, own their own homes.
But amid all the ceremony, what really gets to Ms. Guevara is the use of the man she calls “Poppy” in ways that she says are completely removed from his revolutionary ideals, like when a designer recently put Che on a bikini.
At age 29, Walter, a computer programmer in Silicon Valley, developed a repetitive stress injury that caused severe pain in his hands when he touched the keyboard.
That is when she is not slugging her opponents in the ring.
Executing the arrest warrants, police said they found al-Qaida manuals for making explosives, detonation devices and poisons, and instructions on guerrilla techniques.
South Africa, the host nation of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup and the 2010 FIFA World Cup, is now coached by the Brazilian Carlos Alberto Perreira, who led his native country to the 1994 World Cup title in the United States.
Then on a whim, he and his wife asked to see a house that their broker had dismissed as a small, overpriced cottage sitting in muddy marshland.
It is amazing neither Edwards nor Obama have stated their own positions on the question whether illegal immigrants should be given driving licenses.
The attempt to set up a disclosure standard has been applauded by some, including the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben S. Bernanke, who had said the best approach was for hedge funds to regulate themselves and increase disclosure rather than face more regulation.
Not so long ago, poker was just a game.
They also have to discipline them and teach them self-discipline along the way.
From the West Coast, the Stanford Racing Team was led by Sebastian Thrun and Michael Montemerlo.
“They just need to be invited back into the theaters,” Ms. Renzi said.
The effect was to make the Monroe estate unable to prevent the unauthorized exploitation of her image and likeness, whether on a calendar, a T-shirt or a coffee mug.
I was born in 1965, and I have a 13 year old boy and a 7 year old girl.
The New York Times reporters Tyler Kepner, Ben Shpigel and Jack Curry, along with their Times colleagues, will bring baseball fans inside the Yankees and Mets clubhouses.
Minneapolis Housing and Redevelopment Authority, $131.4 million of debt securities.
But I’m concerned by the fact that so many other posters are writing angry messages about overdiagnosis and lack of oversight.
Because the second party would be a fancy affair, she was wearing an elegant black dress and I had on a sports coat.
While it tells the story of Mancini, the lightweight boxer, beginning with his youth in Youngstown and his decision to follow his father, Lenny Sr., into fighting, the program’s focus is his title match 25 years ago today against Duk Koo Kim in Las Vegas.
Newspapers published lists of drop-off points and the numbers of bank accounts set up to funnel aid.
Max's death diverted Mom from her chosen career.
If it separates easily, the fish is cooked.
More than 15 merchants, including BarnesandNoble.com and SharperImage.com, will follow suit.
Each area is overseen by an expert in the field and has a casual restaurant featuring the respective ingredients.
The deal may be the first use of a new law in Japan that allows a foreign firm to use its own shares as currency when buying a Japanese company.
“It is almost too good to be true,” he said.
District 3, on the Upper West Side, has eight, but District 1, on the Lower East Side, has only one.
Can too much freedom hurt or kill democracy?
Comments are moderated.
TENN.
He said that much of the crisis had affected only a small portion of the population, namely Wall Street.
Much as you might have been wowed by the accurately painted lane dividers, you know that doesn't count as tourism.
I’m either a cautionary tale or a true existential hero.
But his victory supplied the administration with yet another self-inflicted wound to lick.
A ratification process would take about two weeks.
Any producer or network honcho would be wary of staking their career on a TV talk show whose host was known to have clinical depression.
Beneath the show-must-go-on euphoria that came with the end of the strike was a definite undercurrent of worry: How much damage had the strike done to Broadway?
By Edmond Rostand; translated and adapted by Anthony Burgess; directed by David Leveaux; sets by Tom Pye; costumes by Gregory Gale; lighting by Don Holder; sound by David Van Tieghem; hair and wig design by Tom Watson; technical supervisor, Hudson Theatrical Associates; production stage manager, Marybeth Abel; general manager, the Charlotte Wilcox Company.
The president, Richard Roberts, the son of the university founder, the television evangelist Oral Roberts, has offered a series of denials.
To make matters worse for the investment bank, the judge faulted it for doing a poor job in advising Finish Line on the deal.
If Merck’s first mistake was overselling the drug, its last mistake was withdrawing it entirely.
SIZE Helen is 2.1 square miles.
The SAG’s announce their nominations — the Bagger gets ready to read the entrails.
Hence, we see intentionality everywhere.
Q. Are some actors just bad at accents?
I thoroughly agree with your article, but I would take issue with the use of the words “mystical” and “mysticism” to describe obscurantist religious thought.
In the Wooster production a video of Burton’s version is projected on a large screen on the back wall, presenting a ghostly image that provides something of a template for the company members to mimic.
It was the City of Westminster travelling library, a large removal-like van parked next to the bins outside one of the kitchen doors.
Frank Bruni, Marian Burros, Joe Drape, Elaine Louie, Kim Severson and Pete Wells contributed reporting.
Many waiting to enter Alumnae Hall in the long line that snaked under the yellow autumn leaves along College Road said they supported Mr. Obama or were undecided.
The sleek, modern-looking Leopard desktop falls away like a curtain, revealing — startlingly — a deep-space starfield.
The field was waking up, and now turning its focus to a long-neglected area: learning and memory.
“I was at the shop and talked with Pat,” Busch said.
There are trouble-makers in the world.
Later, when she insisted that she “did not say that it should be done” (“should” is a normative, universalizing word and she wanted to distance herself from it), Russert wasn’t having any: “Do you support his [Spitzer’s] plan,” he asked insistently.
Fogh Rasmussen also said he would seek a ''noticeable reduction of income taxes'' and improved conditions for asylum-seekers in Denmark as he presented the government's platform for the next four years.
Also appealing was “Yta II” for solo piano, which, as played by Blair McMillen, darted along the keys like a furtive animal, or turned and flashed like a school of minnows, always around middle C, a home base in a piece without a tonic.
Although it consumes a third as much oil as China, it imports 70 percent of its oil.
Even two and three generations after they began settling in those cities, the Muslim underclass tends to remain outside the mainstream, whether by choice or because of the hostility they encounter from their long-rooted European neighbors.
Adopting turkeys, which can weigh more than 40 pounds and have a penchant for pecking, is not like adopting a kitten or a puppy.
Are Americans ever going to grow up?
Kill the Cat That Kills the Bird?
The scientists suspected this had something to do with the antioxidant properties of wine.
Being the designated loser of a practicing and powerful global investment strategy still gets you a lot of international attention but not the kind of attention that’s useful.
China was opened up by Western opium dealers, many of whom, as the Harvard savant John K Fairbank has pointed out, were missionaries.
But what about people who don’t have a million dollars to donate to the project?
She talked to her mother, she said.
Thomas W. LaSorda, who was demoted to president when Mr. Nardelli was named chief executive on Aug.
Holmes, Kansas City’s career leader in yards rushing and touchdowns, entered the game during his team’s third drive.
Later, a second Mr. J, a beer distributor, joined the group.
Countries and companies in the West tend to exceed their allowances, whereas Eastern countries tend to have excess credits to sell because so many polluting Communist-era factories have been shut.
“I will gradually become a New Yorker again,” Tisch said.
He chuckled, as if acknowledging how incongruous such coach-speak sounded in his voice.
From either side of the fence, it’s the person drinking the alcohol that’s using it, and who is responsible for his or her own drinking.
Tell us what you like, don't like and want to read more about.
Instead, it can spend money on big investigations and on innovative products that may hurt the bottom line in the short term but may pay off handsomely in the future.
I moved to Seattle from New York 2 1/2 years ago when I was appointed C.E.O. of Expedia, the online travel company.
The money that Itunes generates is a very small margin of Apples business.
When I bought my car I chose white and will again.
“The Internet and low-cost airlines have been massive enablers of travelers” worldwide, said Stevan D. Porter, the president of the Americas division of InterContinental Hotels, which, with more than 560,000 rooms in 3,800 hotels, has the most rooms of any hotel chain in the world.
During the seventies, income equality decreased, and ladders of advancement disappeared.
We are working on new atmospheric monitoring technologies, which may one day enable miners to quickly and accurately assess the atmospheric compositions deep in their mines.
Mr. Herndon, a native of Greenville, Tex., raised cattle and ran a wholesale grocery business in South Carolina after the war.
Declarer made his contract by taking three spades, three hearts, one diamond, one club, a diamond ruff on the board and a spade ruff in hand.
I agree on the Off/ ON sequence but here’s a thought on what caused the shift in location of some of the rocks.
Mrs. Clinton attempted the latter - with the twist of trying to please groups that disfavor restrictions on the movement and rights of illegal immigrants.
“Are you enjoying your suffering?” he asked me.
So I have come to the conclusion that wherever you set in this argument, it is a mater of faith.
The humble-pie T-shirts that the Patriots wore a few weeks ago are no longer necessary.
Thus the space being photographed is *thick*, not thin.
But exercise physiologists note that competitive swimmers practice for hours a day, even though their races last just minutes.
Forty-four percent of Democrats said Mr. Clinton’s involvement would make them more likely to support Mrs. Clinton.
“There is no evidence in the documents that the committee has reviewed that the State Department sought to restrain Blackwater’s actions, raised concerns about the number of shooting episodes involving Blackwater or the company’s high rate of shooting first, or detained Blackwater contractors for investigation,” the report states.
As others have remarked (for example, Margaret in post 76), your inquiries - and perhaps a selection of reader comments - might make a wonderful learning tool for schools.
From New York, fly to Stockholm; Continental (from $570 in early November ) and SAS (from about $720) fly from Newark.
Musical taste?
Several high-ranking Democrats, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said that they expected the two — Assemblyman Mims Hackett Jr., who is also the mayor of Orange, and Assemblyman Alfred E. Steele, a Passaic County undersheriff — to step down within days.
“I think Thomas Edison would support this idea,” she said at a wind turbine plant here.
She said some of the money stolen from the Iraqi government was financing insurgent militias, particularly in the Shiite-dominated south.
With a 6,000-square-foot five-bedroom house, two guest houses, horse stables and an indoor horse arena, it could be used as a gentleman’s estate, an equestrian ranch, a working cattle ranch or a place for hunting deer, turkeys, geese and ducks.
But that has hardly stopped the violence in Darfur, where there are many armed factions of rebels, Arab militias and bandits.
“Their manual tells them to try,” he said, having found one on eBay last year while researching “Last Night at the Lobster,” his 10th novel.
And as we stretch the definition of a friend to encompass people we may never actually meet, will the strength of our real-world friendships grow diluted as we immerse ourselves in a lattice of hyperlinked “friends”?
Of widespread drug use?
“Once you face it, then you have to share what happens,” said Dr. Verea, who estimated that the couple have shared their message with 700 high school students.
And Mr. Halvorssen was a co-producer of “Freedom’s Fury,” narrated by Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz, which describes the role Hungary’s Olympic water polo team played in that nation’s 1956 uprising against its Soviet occupiers.
The 507-to-19 vote on Wednesday was the culmination of months of frustration here with the United States, which has criticized Kurdish rebels who attack Turkey from Iraq but has failed to get its Kurdish allies in Iraq to act against them.
There are more balls in the ditch in the foreground in the ON photo — so he salted the ditch as well as the road, using balls form the opposite ditch.
Andy bullies Hank mercilessly, lies to his employers and seems to experience minimal remorse after his perfect crime goes horribly awry.
And Louis Vuitton, which boasts that it churns out its $3 billion worth of leather goods each year in its company-owned factories in France, Spain and Southern California, announced in September that it plans to build a factory in India to produce shoes.
The knights of Lyndhurst adapted.
He drew the dream images out for Jung, who confirmed their essentially alchemical nature.
I search the internet for news and comments.
Not with a slasher flick like “Halloween” that would leave him permanently scarred, mind you, and that would require me to take up permanent residence on his bottom bunk, but with movies where the terror is off screen, hidden by that giant door.
The US kept itself together at the shaky founding because the elite founding fathers shared the ideals of the European and British enlightenment.
The layoffs came the same day that the Swiss bank UBS, which is already writing down the value of some assets by $3.4 billion, warned investors that its fourth-quarter results might be hit by a further downturn in the United States housing and mortgage markets.
Back in the 70’s, my mother used very similar imagery to describe my brother’s autism.
10, no visa was required to enter the country.
Lemony Snicket, the author of "The End"; Alex Kuczynski, the author of "Beauty Junkies"; Jim Holt on Richard Dawkins.
She deliberately misleads and now people have started to catch on to it.
It is also one on me.
Cherie Blair, a human rights lawyer, is the president of Loomba Trust, a charity that campaigns for the rights of widows and their children in the developing world.
Correct me if I’m wrong but with a margin of error in these polls of plus or minus 4 percent, that means it’s entirely possible that no one supports Biden.
Trying to mix affordable housing into high-end developments is a tricky prospect for Bridgeport because it has so much “catching up to do” in its revitalization efforts, said Charles Buki, principal of CZB, the Alexandria, Va., consulting firm that conducted the city’s housing study.
Within a few months, she had located the birth family and confirmed the girls’ alarming story.
Northern Rock did not say which companies had made takeover proposals, but it said it had received two types of offers: those that would include an investment in the company by injection of assets and new capital and those that would include acquisitions of part of the business.
The International Women’s Media Foundation awarded its “courage in journalism awards” yesterday to women who risk their lives covering the news.
There are no accounts of the time indicating Fenton had a tendency to stage his work.
David Margolick on David Mamet; Emily Nussbaum on Heidi Julavits; science fiction columnist Dave Itzkoff.
Gordon’s 33 points against Chattanooga last week were the most by any player in his first game at Indiana, and he continued his hot shooting with five 3-pointers.
But awash in petrodollars — oil accounts for about 90 percent of Venezuelan exports — Chávez commands formidable resources.
This stream can appear on a personal Web page or in a module on the user’s customized page on Facebook or Google.
6-12.
Restitution fights aside, cultural collaboration between Italy and the United States has bogged down frequently over logistics and differences in operating methods.
This punishment is much better than Eddie, whose caddishness is the movie’s authentic and unexamined subject, deserves.
In “Stop Loss,” which comes out next year, you play a soldier in the current Iraq war.
But in describing what happened to the men of Jamaa Mezuak, Hamza’s close friend offered almost the opposite narrative.
Am seriously considering going back on it for my poor head and neck.
This set off the crazy turn of events at the game’s end.
Terrific article.
Many scientists say the last substantial warming in the region, peaking in the 1930s, mainly affected areas near Greenland and Scandinavia.
How could that be?
Some church-related colleges have principles that could be described as biases.
His first feature, “Sydney” (also known as “Hard Eight”), showed Mr. Anderson to be an intuitively gifted filmmaker, someone who was born to make images with a camera.
Instead, he’ll try to scare the dwindling fraction of Americans who still have good health insurance by claiming that the Democrats will take it away.
But Judge Oakes was not proud of the connection.
Our poor United States obviously didn’t deserve a leader with the courage and integrity of Jimmy Carter.
City Room is a news blog supplementing the New York/Region coverage of The Times.
All these words !
There is evidence of impropriety in several recent prosecutions, including that of Don Siegelman, a former governor of Alabama who is serving a lengthy prison sentence.
Since 1998, Lorie Conway, a Boston-based journalist and documentary filmmaker, has worked to uncover the hospital’s history.
Those better versed may be able to pounce on Alex Ross, the music critic of The New Yorker, if he gets things wrong — if he mistakenly claims the music goes from a D major to a D minor or whatever — but my ignorance of musical technicalities means that I pose a special and more profound test of Ross’s skills.
Al Qaeda, however, has proved resilient and U.S. military commanders warn that it still retains the capability to launch devastating attacks.
(“I’m already past my past.
At the point we do initiate them into adulthood - college - they are responsible only to themselves.
There’s a whole classified section to the answer, but in the unclassified part we are limited to discussing, with 3-1-1, the major focus was first, to stop assembled bombs,” he said.
He is the latest in the case to plead guilty.
Perfect reception!
A Greenlandic supermarket is stocking locally grown cauliflower, broccoli and cabbage this year for the first time.
Until this week, Mr. Domenici had appeared committed to a re-election bid, having President Bush attend a fund-raiser in late August that collected more than $400,000.
C’mon, all parents need a pat in the back and assurance that the choice they made is the right one.
Even aficionados of scary drill-in-your-mouth scenarios may get a shiver from this one.
In her autumn years, Anna Arroyo took up with Felix Najera, whom she met at a bodega on 111th Street and Lexington Avenue, the same corner where she sat yesterday on a box, in mourning.
“This is the beginning of the journey for justice for the Arzu family,” he said.
Celtic’s problems mounted when its captain, Stephen McManus, sustained a serious head injury before halftime in an aerial collision with Daniel Cousin.
If there is one thing that I think is clear about the science of global climate change, it is that it will never be certain.
This week’s economic data has presented a decidedly mixed outlook for the fourth quarter.
As the acutely honest title suggests, the pieces collected under the rubric of Americana cover the overlapping subjects of love (his two hands enact the flowering and fall of a romance, with a yellow kitchen glove as a condom), sex (chillingly in “The Priest and the Altar Boy” and as slapstick in “Thomas and Sally: A Night at Monticello,” in which Jefferson is comically, constantly interrupted during a rendezvous in the slave quarters) and death (from John F. Kennedy Jr. to Terri Schiavo).
In the village of Podagatlapalli, I met Sha Yu, a 22-year-old Chinese graduate of Beijing’s Renmin University and a Byrraju volunteer, teaching rural Indian high school students how to produce their own newspaper on a computer.
One can get one’s point across without insult.
The paid staff members in each campaign have a lot to say, and considerable control.
A state government can discriminate in favor of itself, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said in his majority opinion.
But a few minutes after Wright told two dozen reporters that he was not thinking negatively about the immediate future, he privately acknowledged that he has thought a bit deeper into the future.
As I understand it, the African American community (to the extent that that term applies) is undergoing a self-analysis and debate about the debilitating effect of the use of street-language derogatory terms for themselves and each other.
“The notion of carriers getting in the way seems a little odd,” he said.
It’s not that Mr. Ruiz, a Chilean-born surrealist based in Paris since 1973, is the most accessible of filmmakers to begin with.
Strong sales of Camaro replicas encouraged the company to proceed with bodies for 1967-68 Ford Mustang fastbacks and 1947-50 Chevy pickups; bodies for later generations of Chevy pickups and Mustangs are in the planning stages.
And yes, for the first day or so I had to pee every 15 minutes - but the body adjusts quickly.
By his various wives, Mr. Mailer had nine children, all of whom survive him: Susan, , by Ms. Silverman; Danielle and Elizabeth Anne, by Ms. Morales; Kate, by Lady Campbell; Michael Burks and Stephen McLeod, by Ms. Bentley; Maggie Alexandra, by Ms. Stevens; and John Buffalo, by Ms. Church.
(The cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos has done fine work elsewhere.)
“You know, the wife will always say what they gonna say,” Snoop says.
The researchers found that 61 percent of the swimmers showed signs of hair discoloration, compared with none of the nonswimmers.
Theist and Atheist inverted.
Mr. Adams drawled through “Rainy Day Women #12 & 35” with some casual lyrics of his own, some two-fisted barrelhouse piano and an appropriately stoned-out attitude.
Personally, I hope that the Mets do sign him so that he can do absolutely nothing for them in the post season like he’s done for every other team he’s been with.
This is not a free speech issue.
New Rochelle has several successful shopping centers with large national retailers as tenants, but they are on the outskirts of the city, where they offer ample parking and draw from a relatively broad geographic area.
For some years now, crafters have been selling on their own sites online.
I used to suffer from “informationwhoritis,” but I have been going through rehab, and I sleeping like a baby again.
Nick Bunkley and Mary M. Chapman contributed reporting.
For many New Yorkers, a first wedding is on hold until the late 20s.
The commission, which also included disabled veterans and the wife of a disabled veteran, was appointed after articles in The Washington Post exposed veterans living in shoddy conditions at Walter Reed Medical Center.
Cheruiyot was in position to contend but stomach craps forced him to drop back after 22 miles.
But Kati Haycock, director of the Education Trust, a Washington research group, warned them off, saying that would send the message that there were different standards for children of different backgrounds.
It designed a folding electric scooter that can be placed throughout cities for rental, much like the bicycle rental system in some European cities.
6.
And Salem was a good place to do it.
Each block has its own flavor, some congested with cars or tourists, some filled with interesting shops, some seemingly almost forgotten.
On our son’s first day of 1st grade, the teacher moved his desk into the corner and said he would stay there until he stopped being a problem.
She graduated to cooking in a closet, on three electric woks, at a condo near the gondola.
In addition to Tanard Jackson’s second-quarter interception, which set up a field goal, the Buccaneers (5-4) limited the Cardinals (3-5) to one first down and 78 yards total offense in the opening half. ¶The rookie running back Marshawn Lynch threw for a touchdown and scored another rushing as the host Buffalo Bills defeated the Cincinnati Bengals, 33-21.
The more than $2 billion spent fighting drugs “hasn’t worked,” he conceded.
One of the current Republican presidential candidates has the same “Either you’re with us or you’re against us” attitude that suffused Nixon’s soul.
This year an estimated 180,000 people from more than 100 countries attended the fair.
With enemy artillery active in the area.
He found that people listening to music felt less pain and less stress during endurance activities.
Certainly Rumfsfeld is a cartoonish and silly figure, easily imitated on television.
She said her fierce loyalty to her daughter’s school was not hard to understand.
People like one of your esteemed college professors.
But Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan and a stalwart supporter of the auto industry, is pushing for concessions to help the financially struggling American automakers.
If Mr. Levin never achieved renown as a literary novelist, that, judging from many interviews over the years, was perfectly fine with him.
Fred Thompson = 1942; Alabama; Church of Christ.
The Red Sox are normal; their fans (we) are normal.
Advanced classes are just one response to the drive for more American innovators.
Once the children reach Kampala, “War/Dance” focuses on the contest, which includes some stirring performances in an atmosphere of high excitement.
Then the follow-up question would be did he substantively change the scene?
He has nothing.
The makeup of Boyle Heights and East Los Angeles has changed little since the late 1960s.
She’s sick of feeling dissatisfied.
What immigration policy do we actually want?
The next day the other player could emerge as the bigger pest.
Mr. Geary's call left me pondering a different shade of green.
The equipment to control temperature and humidity was about $10,000, with the rest paying for cabinets, racking systems and custom features like art and etched glass.
That means there is more time to leave sheep in the mountains, more time to grow crops, more time to work outdoors, more opportunity to travel by boat, since the fjords freeze later and less frequently.
Telecommunication utilities have been major donors to candidates.
When people trot out the well-worn John Adams quote, “Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people,” I can’t help feeling squeezed out of the polity.
It was hell for a while.
The trail leveled off, and we found ourselves in a grove of coconut palms, and beyond was a sweep of sand miles long and entirely deserted — with good reason.
No matter what the media says, republican says, Hillary Clinton says, it’s his charisma and articulation that will decide who will lead the Democrats.
In Garhi Khuda Baksh, in southern Sindh province, grief-stricken supporters thronged the route to the Mogul-style white marble mausoleum in Garhi Khuda Baksh, in southern Sindh province, as an ambulance carrying Ms. Bhutto’s remains crawled slowly through the dusty afternoon haze.
Searing meat does not seal in juices, for example, but high heat does induce chemical reactions among the proteins that make it tastier.
Based on a recent online search, rates in late November started at around $950.
Again, he didn’t say.
Now, on weekends female friends, male buddies, couples, parents with toddlers and three-generation families all line up outside crowded brunch restaurants like Suji’s, Butterfinger Pancakes, Tell Me About It, Flying Pan Blue, Stove and All Day Brunch.
On Tuesday, the euro settled in New York at a rate of $1.4098 — slightly below its record high a few days ago.
(Flight information: www.caymanislands.ky/getting_there).
But many residents of riverside communities in four states along the 330 miles of the Delaware are unhappy with the plan and critical of the way the changes were accepted in secret at a meeting last week of representatives of New York City and the four states: New York, New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania.
Ted and Frank chatted and Williams gushed, “I can’t believe I’m talking to Frank Sinatra.”
Cut ‘em off until they release Tibet, give up on Taiwan, and relax their fascist ways (yes, fascist- communism as defined by Marx does not exist).
Whether it’s the local ale, something new and obscure, or something old and familiar, a fresh, cold brew always seems to re-stoke the engines — and open the mind to a return to wine at the dinner table.
Local media said two people were killed and at least 15 wounded, five seriously.
Palestinians are calling for a detailed preliminary agreement with a timetable for creating a Palestinian state.
To walk down the first block of 17th Street west of Fifth Avenue is to peer back over a century and a half of New York’s architectural history.
This is the key question.
Assistant District Attorney Gary Dawson said he was disappointed and would appeal the decision to overturn the convictions.
Many budget airlines use older planes that have been leased or purchased after years of use by other airlines.
Structural advances continued through the ’30s as the conventional ladder frame gave way to unitized construction of the body shell.
Mr. McShane said he would return for such a movie in an instant.
Luring Mr. Sandy, he said, was intended to gauge their opinions of homosexuality.
“I’m older than dirt and have more scars than Frankenstein,” Mr. McCain says (all the time), “but I’ve learned a few things.”
Because it mattered so very much, many of the plebes, though not yet battle-tested, could not at first see the incongruity of demanding more of Randall Jarrell than they did of themselves.
Are flight attendants really that rude and inattentive?
Left.
Best to you.
Quentin Richardson (15 rebounds) briefly raised his arms, but he said it was a reaction to holding off the Bulls, not because the streak had ended.
Iodine in salt has been shown to prevent many cases of mental retardation; while almost one-third of the world’s population has no access to iodized salt, Americans have been ingesting it since 1924.
In “Stop Loss,” which comes out next year, you play a soldier in the current Iraq war.
So, it’s hard for me to trust her.
This is not the Valley of the Shadow of Death.”
Because of Mr. Giuliani’s role in Mr. Kerik’s life, the nation has a compelling interest in learning more about the former police chief’s misdeeds.
Precious little action takes place onstage: Alessio’s family laments its loss in a series of dolorous recitatives, and the future saint turns up incognito to prevent them from seeking him out.
The real drama took place outside the museum, where hundreds of art industry regulars waited long past the announced performance time to be admitted.
In Havana, the British ambassador gives a dinner party “for all the nobs the majority of whom were called Gonzalez-y-Lopez except for a few who were called Lopez-y-Gonzalez.”
Mr. Bush has several times recently urged reauthorization of the law.
24 — Girls’ schools in Bangladesh, clean water systems in Ghana, courthouses in Armenia, roads in Nicaragua.
The first test should be to check for physiological problems, followed up by testing of the child’s mental aptitude (commonly known as IQ tests or cognitive ability tests.)
Efforts to resuscitate him failed.
Can you say Dziga Vertov[1929 “Man WIth a Movie Camera” with no need for sound] or Stan Brackage [mid 20th century?]
It has nothing to do with intelligence, sublty, or a nuanced view of complex issues.
Resorts, hotels, villas and residents’ villages would blend into the rugged landscape.
Usually the monsters go right for NYC tho, or are home-grown like the C.H.U.D..
Obviously gravity will work to bring all things to the lowest point it can (as evidenced by the glut of cannonballs in the gully alonside the road) and as any golfer can attest, rolling balls have a tendency to roll away from the crown of a green.
Gang members?
Mr. Hall said that about one client a month died while awaiting a hearing.
The forthcoming calendar seems distinguished by its fixation on invention: the challenges of creativity and the psychological steps journalists, activists and social theorists take to accomplish their work.
“They take you into that unit first to show you what it could look like, and then they take you into the rougher one,” Mr. Howard said.
ON our last day on San Cristóbal, before Rhys and I fly back to the mainland and the rest of the crew sets sail for the 3,500-mile crossing to the Marquesas, we pay a visit to the most famous inhabitants of the Galápagos: the giant tortoises.
She is currently the host of "The Judith Warner Show" on XM Satellite Radio.
Once the turbo has whistled up to pressure, it feels as if no car on the road could keep up.
Did Fenton pose balls on the road and in the ditch in the foreground?
Many waiting to enter Alumnae Hall in the long line that snaked under the yellow autumn leaves along College Road said they supported Mr. Obama or were undecided.
It was students, for example, who led the mass demonstrations of 1988 that brought the current junta to power in a military massacre.
In addition, the 3.5-liter V-6 plays well with the six-speed automatic, which goes about its gear-to-gear business in an eager and generally refined way.
Tokyo-based Sony slashed the price of the PS3 with a 20-gigabyte hard drive by about 10 percent to 44,980 yen ($409) from 49,980 yen ($454).
“Almaty feels raw, sketchy, and that can be fascinating,” said Brooke Arnao, the online video director for Money-Media, a New York publishing company, who stayed for a weekend after a conference.
No matter who is president and no matter how quickly we “leave” Iraq we are going to be stuck with the real results of our countries foolish and childish reaction to a horrible crime.
I have an upper-middle class brother who called me yesterday and asked me if Hillary didn’t come across as a dreaded “ex-wife” personality.
His was the hard-found music of the streets.
Leyritz last played in the majors in 2000, when he hit .209 in 115 at-bats with the Yankees and Los Angeles Dodgers.
David Kelly on Roberto Clemente; Henry Alford on selling books on a street corner.
Across the country, tobacco taxes have been soaring in recent years.
Ballet Hispanico’s “Palladium Nights” has many more musicians onstage than dancers; since there are 11 dancers, that’s saying plenty.
The elder Mr. Garriott wrote, “This provided me a fantastic opportunity to get started in research on radio signals from Earth satellites and the effects produced on them by passage through the Earth’s ionosphere at the very beginning of the space age.”
I got excited.
(HarperCollins, $39.95.)
The cause was cancer, said his daughter, Nina Fox.
Not necessarily.
Nan's brother-in-law had said on the phone that he left Taotao with a group of American air stewardesses, one of whom was an Asian and could speak a little Mandarin.
Its most famous alumnus is Dan Rather.
He was like Gale Sayers in my generation, Barry Sanders in another.
In 2004, when Viacom and CBS were part of the same company, he and his co-chief executive, Tom Freston, were compensated by the company for the nights they stayed in their own homes.
Dylan, he was told, loves watching movies on the bus.
Others grouse about another side effect, price pressure: The competition is so intense on the site that new crafters can’t break out, and some established ones feel they cannot raise their prices.
If you’ve ever wondered what the rapper Ludacris would look like if he were a dwarf, now’s your chance.
When asked if he would consider moving back to Baghdad, he spoke of a dream, not a plan.
The Dow rose 44.06, or 0.3 percent, to 13,517.96.
Showtime’s viral campaign for the show “Dexter” is done so well it is fooling people into thinking they are stalked by a serial killer.
Write letters to your congressional representatives.
And that was the challenge from the beginning, which was terrifying.
I would read the constitution of the United Kingdom - unfortunately we don’t have one.
The shaking continued through the day Thursday, keeping residents on edge.
Take Dale DeGroff, 59, a bartender since 1974 and the self-proclaimed “king of cocktails,” as well as the author of “The Craft of the Cocktail.”
Neither wholly animation nor live action, it is a sophisticated visual technique, and true believers see it as the future of movies, though really the most interesting thing about it is that it’s not intrinsically interesting.
The benefits go beyond the laptops and BlackBerrys, late-night rides home, Friday beer-and-pretzel fests and sports tickets that are standard fare at many large and midsize law firms.
There’s no way to do that.
The large dinosaurs glide along, attached to low-slung go-carts run by jockey-size drivers.
But instead, without warning the picture started to break up.
Actions include using insect repellent, repairing window screens, eliminating standing water and chlorinating pools.
We have a natural tendency to nibble away at the great figures of the past; to dig through their lives for flaws, mistakes, and weaknesses; to judge them severely by the standards and beliefs of the present, rather than those that prevailed when they were alive.
At last we were able to look down into the Valley of the Shadow of Death.
Mr. Bush has previously warned Iran about its involvement in Iraq and its nuclear programs, but his remarks on Tuesday were especially forceful, and suggested that he was blending the justification for staying in Iraq with fears held by members of both parties in Congress that Iran could emerge as a threat.
I opted for the phone call.
This time, he said, he believed that the general would do so and that the Supreme Court should let the election go ahead, because having a military leader voluntarily step down would set an important precedent.
Voters can also call the New York City Board of Elections toll-free at 1-866-VOTENYC (1-866-868-3692).
Without centralization, the meetups can seem like sessions devoted to reinventing the wheel.
I’d like to see the next debate move Biden and Richardson to center stage, with HRC and Obama at the far end.
A new study by researchers at the Harvard Medical School has found that millions of veterans and their dependents have no access to care in veterans’ hospitals and clinics and no health insurance to pay for care elsewhere.
I was especially curious to find out if they had detected the rose and anise flavors.
Despite the redesigned window stickers, some information will not show up there, like the mileage of a flexible-fuel vehicle running on E85.
Many women struggle with the impact of aging and pregnancy on their bodies.
Everybody seems to forget that the Viet Nam War was ended and dialogue with China began under his administration.
The couple fled the state, but were captured 36 hours later at a motel in Columbus, Ohio.
Pochoir, a traditional — and laborious — French stenciling technique that dates to the 14th century, was reinvented in the 1920s to promote the new Art Deco and French Moderne styles.
Yes, the boys get to be “dangerous”, but the girls have to settle for being “daring.”
I don’t know that it’s a girl/boy thing rather than another generation evolved to meet current norms of society.
Here John Edwards is trying to give the American people a voice in their government; while Obama campaigning under the same pretenses is saying that, he gets the right because his campaign has more money.
Construction firms cut 14,000 jobs in September, Factories slashed 18,000.
Petignat has been a horrible referee for years.
So many of them are so actable.
Today, the Stickley company has three factories, with 1,600 workers, about 1,000 of them in Manlius, N.Y., near Syracuse.
Now that it’s over, I’m glad I don’t have to play against him again.
St. John’s forward Rob Thomas scored his first college basket last week.
When his firm forces Dwight to make a second trip, the teeming city grabs him by the sleeve and drags him down into its reeking depths.
Mr. Serrano had gotten out of the truck to guide the driver as he backed toward the loading dock, but the driver misjudged and pinned him against the building.
You say it so well with the line, “A program enjoyed (and missed) by millions was trashed for the sake of the few.”
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ.
“We have a read-only connection to your bank, so you can’t move money around using Mint,” he said.
And healthcare is complicated, as Hillary knows quite well, but she has made the expedient choice to do what would offend the fewest people rather than what would help the most.
3. it would be a wonderful staging area for troops and supplies for the British, so the Russians lobbed the odd shell into the concealed area to discourage this.
Into the breach stepped the Soviet Union, the antibourgeois society with all the answers.
But not this one.
The renovation included new wiring, redoing the plumbing and roof, and the installation of a central air-conditioning and heating system.
THE YIDDISH POLICEMEN’S UNION.
The last holdup was on Nov.
They still push a button to turn on a light to let the crowd know a goal was scored, but they and the referees can be overruled by conclusive replay evidence.
One of the things the conservancy has in a mind is a water taxi or ferry system that could whisk visitors from one site to the other and then back home again.
I guess by Joe B’s thinking, that makes her a resounding success.
High & Low | Stone Houses in Bucks County, Pa.
But behind the building is a hiding place that for Mr. Mousseaux holds the key to prosperity.
They do not end up sitting on the road.
Jameel Jaffer, Mr. Ramadan’s lawyer, said the decision was “legally wrong” and “deeply unfair.”
Certain needs are themselves luxuries, or at any rate status symbols.
Know how I got your phone number?
South Africa led for the rest of the game.
The fact that we can’t speaks to the need of a Hillary Clinton, who can see both sides and make an informed desicion and that is what she was trying to do.
He had the voluptuous and slightly starved way of saying "bodies," giving the word flesh.
The polypropylene Water Trapper doormat can absorb over a gallon of water without letting moisture seep through to the floor; available in gray, brown or red, and in two sizes, $34.95 to $47.95, from (888) 833-1412 or www.gardenerssupply.com.
Well, some experts say, what else can you expect?
Ms. Rice also let slip the words “November document,” setting a deadline of sorts for the Israelis and Palestinians to agree on a written document to serve as the basis for the peace talks.
2, is Ms. Callaway’s first extended New York club date in many years.
More than 335 buildings have joined since LifeAt began in March.
You can see a new ridge of dirt appear in the ON photo that is missing in the OFF photo.
Protein was held steady at 15 percent.
Sotheby’s will offer the collection in a New York sale on April 7.
Men who complete their military service always need other employment.
The suit also says that she was fired in January 2006 by James L. Dolan, the chairman of Madison Square Garden, in retaliation for her sexual harassment complaint, and that Thomas “aided and abetted” that firing.
“The biggest thing I’ve ever heard anyone wish for is a grocery store,” said Baron Hazen, the general manager of two buildings owned by Avalon Communities, one of which he has lived in for the past 13 months.
But he acknowledges that a seemingly inexhaustible flood of capital into Silicon Valley is helping to power the boom.
The company said it would be able to squeeze up to 820 million transistors onto a single silicon die.
Carrier was not satisfied.
It took her about a year to save for the car.
But some petitioners think it is a waste of time to scour the phone book for Columbus’s long-lost kin.
Women can work or not, as however they please.
This group should stay.
Because the concert had been publicized beforehand, a few spectators staked out territory near the piano even before Mr. Bronfman lumbered in, resplendent in a three-piece suit in a tone that verged on burnt umber, specially procured for the occasion.
They came from Massachusetts, Florida, and Canada, and from Flatbush, Crown Heights and Bed-Stuy.
Moreover, 9to5mac has word that Apple is approaching developers to create new applications that can be sold for the iPhone.
In the last several days, online retailers have begun sending out a new round of promotions that mirror the inventory clearance sales at brick-and-mortar retailers.
Essential CD: “As Super Novas” Tip: Some of Sangolo's favorite bands play all summer in Pelourinho, notably on the Largo Quincas Berro D´Àgua.
Ms. de Niese subtly captured every facet of a role that required her to be a ruthless schemer, a ravishing seductress, a pitiable victim and a fierce opponent.
Magazine rankings and a school’s reputation — both extremely important in the minds of many applicants — are often of far less significance to graduates as they reflect on what made their college years worthwhile.
(The bear was supposedly trained, but there were sharpshooters on the set just in case.)
Investors have pounded stocks far afield of the financial sector in recent days as traders debated the risks of a broader hit from the credit crunch.
(Even though many people have made plausible reverse arguments about those facts as well.
Net operating revenue rose 19 percent, to $7.69 billion.
Running time: 87 minutes.
Wearing blue jeans and a windbreaker displaying the U.S.W. and U.M.W.A. logos, Mr. Edwards spoke for about ten minutes to union members and supporters who gathered outside the Mellon sports arena here.
Now in his junior year, Johnson is trying to put up similar numbers from his sensational sophomore season with a new supporting cast.
People are mad about seeing their jobs traded overseas for crappy, dangerous imports.
There is no question that people have gotten hurt this year.
The professor, as he whisked past, thought momentarily of his mother, dressed for church.
But the Colts should be able to find solace in a 7-1 start, which, incredibly, is their worst start in three years.
Who’s to say his intent wasn’t to give viewers in England a taste of the starkness of the Crimean War?
If it snowed, the building’s roof might cave in.
Materialism is already rampant in the more affluent parts of Asia.
In the heady atmosphere of cigar smoke, pooled coffee and cures for a thousand diseases growing on long-forgotten sandwiches, Mr. Tolkin and his colleagues paced, muttered, swore, occasionally typed and more than occasionally threw things: crumpled paper cups, cigars (lighted) and much else.
One of those bright young things who puts the “i” in Generation iPod, Todd has been dodging Malley’s class, opting to turn off and tune out even while agreeing to drop in for morning coffee.
His extended family cried “bravo!” as he signed the papers for his first car.
It’s hard to fathom the pressure Mr. Robertson must have faced on this high-visibility occasion.
In Boston, Nikki Bruce, a senior at Tufts, said the price of her NuvaRing, once an $8-a-month investment at the campus health clinic, had soared to more than $50.
The company gunny and the log chief were also the same rank, making this an example of “lateral coordination,” a prime concept of Marine Corps administration.
A fire in 1966 ravaged the original main lodge, which was quickly (some say inattentively) rebuilt within 100 days.
Could it be that they may not be Christian, but they are environmentalists.
(Not the V.I.P. opening, to which for some reason I wasn’t invited, but the free-to-the-public opening.)
That’s the biggest compliment any art museum could be paid.
“The Iraqi government has a very weak position and I believe we have offered unofficial concessions,” he said.
10 in Richmond, and by beginning his jail time, he will be credited with time served.
To Toobin’s credit, he does not exempt O’Connor.
No shame but certainly no winner.
For despite the expert work of Mr. van Hove’s technical team, especially Tal Yarden, who did the often haunting video design, this “Misanthrope” feels less like a reflection of the age of the Internet than a throwback to the experimental theater of the 1960s, when the theories of elemental acting of Jerzy Grotowski and Antonin Artaud held sway.
His supremacy in this regard is challenged perhaps only by the Bushling himself.
We walked past St. Paul’s Chapel and proceeded to the soaring grandeur of the Woolworth Building, once the world’s tallest, at 233 Broadway.
It gurgled.
Is she wicked, or admirable, or both?
While working on a book, she’s interrupted by her ex-husband, Gavin (Scott Sowers), who asks her to care for Lucy (played with a nice doggedness by Lucy DeVito).
I have, however, played with steel marbles and ball bearings, if you’ll permit me.
Maybe it´s not so bad for this big “line” between parents and the world of kids to go away?
Residual pesticides (especially aerosols that are labeled for silverfish) are useful to halt an infestation.
The white rock appearing to the lower left of the ON photo is the kicker.
As you can see, a lot of the I-Fans are still seeething over the treatment he received.
“They think they can treat us like children that don’t have families, mortgages or dreams of retirement,” she said.
Sometimes a moment of silence is just a moment of silence and not a plot by religionists.
David ate two.
His opponent was younger and white, a reform-minded independent Democrat who had helped Barack Obama in his Senate race two years earlier.
In this industry, it’s unheard-of.
Too often children are used then discarded.
TODAY, New York restaurant-goers looking for guidance can choose Michelin or Zagat.
Then the migraines began to trigger vertigo.
This daughter of a Vietnam vet, granddaughter and grandniece of WWII veterans is moved beyond too many words (tho’ I still have enough to post a comment).
But soon after Alberto R. Gonzales’s arrival as attorney general in February 2005, the Justice Department issued another opinion, this one in secret.
It turns out that Mr. Murdoch’s expanding television empire began managing the most popular station in Georgia last year just as tensions were building over the station’s supposed support for the opposition to President Mikheil Saakashvili, whose critics say he is not the democrat he has claimed to be.
But, all that aside, it seems certain that cannon balls were on the road at some points during the shelling of the valley.
“Yeah, I was wondering where my people were all the way in,” he said, laughing.
Russia shut off pipelines briefly during the past two winters, disrupting fuel supplies to Western Europe.
Left wing Brenden Morrow’s ninth goal, at 4:04, held up as the winner.
There is much that can be said, pro and con, about “24.”
Yet hospitals and those physicians’ offices with electronic health records – about a fourth of the nation’s primary care doctors – use many different proprietary systems that often don’t communicate with each other.
“The ideal case is where a person has Office,” said Rajesh Jha, a vice president for Microsoft Office Live products.
The athletes and some of the troublemakers were popular that year.
I have recently passed the New York and New Jersey Bar exams and am clerking for a Judge.
Now let’s conquer airplanes with hybrid technology.
Dr. Henderson said other evidence suggested that the pottery was used for an alcoholic beverage.
With that win, she revived her dormant career by playing a victim of male violence and then took her newly won juice and cracked the biggest boys’ club in Hollywood by becoming a director.
I could have learned all of that in three paragraphs.
I think the ON photo is posed.
We can assume that Rodriguez learned late last Sunday that Joe Girardi would be named the manager of the Yankees the next morning.
It recently traded close to its record low against the euro at $1.42.
The online dating service Chemistry.com plans to unleash a new campaign that seeks to depict its older and larger competitor, eHarmony.com, as out of touch with mainstream American values.
Anyone expecting straightforward bluegrass from Jerry Douglas on dobro, Edgar Meyer on bass and Sam Bush on mandolin or fiddle got just a little bit of it on Wednesday night.
To test it, researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology and the University of Vienna gave 10 Euros apiece to 126 students and had them play a game that put them in a dilemma.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
“Hello, fellow scholar,” a familiar male voice said.
Check: 3.5 hours of talk time.
Sales rose 11 percent, to $1.72 billion.
At his confirmation hearing for the post of attorney general, Michael Mukasey gave welcome answers to many questions.
I would love to see the advocacy groups filtering information and workshops into public and independent schools because there has got to be thousands of early childhood teachers out there who could use the information.
Here are some easy ideas: book a reservation in a restaurant like the Union Square Cafe, where it is impossible to get a table before 10 p.m. on Saturdays without performing feats of telephone acrobatics.
The auction house estimates that the Bellows alone, which goes on the block on Nov.
Microsoft and Viacom today announced a multi-year content and advertising partnership.
Then there’s the great in between — poultry, pork and the rest.
The Boyer Brut was also my personal favorite both for its taste and its price of less than $10 a bottle.
Palestinians are not allowed to hold skilled jobs and can only leave their camps with the permission of the Lebanese military.
They should recover nicely in time for the holidays.
It was hard, it was fun, and it was rewarding.
Miss Arden is the irresistibly evil has-been heroine of “Die Mommie Die!,” Charles Busch’s happy play about haute homicide in Beverly Hills, and age is definitely an issue for her.
Now, though, new research is leading many to change their minds.
There will always be difficulties in linking intentions and action (espeically in Starbucks…why would anyone pay that much for coffee?) but we can’t avoid producing an account of intention if we are trying to explain what a photograph (or any art object) means.
My 17 year old daughter has it much better now.
The new regulations stem from the Pension Protection Act, which Congress passed last year in an effort to shore up traditional pension plans.
“It is with tremendous regret and sadness that we are compelled to take this action, but Miss Gheorghiu’s actions have shown total disregard for Lyric Opera’s dedicated personnel and for her fellow artists,” William Mason, the opera’s general director, said in a statement yesterday.
He engineered its entry into NATO in 2004, thinking this would help cement security for the tiny Baltic nation.
It reminded me both of tarte Tatin, which is also often made in a skillet, and of my — I mean Ms. Fleming’s — skillet-roasted pears.
I appreciate something of both authors’ positions.
The depiction of your grandmother makes me think you have missed the essential difference between you and your grandmother.
The unfortunate start made it hard for Mr. Bianco to raise money for his recovery project, even though the Quester was eventually righted and cruised through nearby waters, Mr. Denson said.
Logical analysis of the photos with regard to ball location, in isolation of the written text, is meaningless.
He said the case against Ms. Manneh has made it more expensive and hard to find.
After 3 hours 28 minutes, Nadal hobbled out of the United States Open under the cover of a half-moon.
In all, 36 people were saved by the Voses, with as many as 14 hiding in their home at any one time after the German invasion of the Netherlands in May 1940.
As a college senior, Mr. Levin had entered a television screenwriting contest sponsored by CBS.
The head of an Afghan political party said the movie would energize the Taliban.
I know it’s not something that would ever be law…but I think there should be some kind of regulation as to the permissible ratio of full time employees to freelancer/consultants.
A third, “The Deer Park” (1955), in part a fictionalized account of Elia Kazan’s troubles with the House Un-American Activities Committee, fared only a little better, and for the rest of the decade he wrote no fiction at all.
Ideally, they then have a good time and tell their adult friends.
T. Anthony suitcases.
I can think of at least four categories of views on drivers’ licenses for illegal immigrants: People who oppose them absolutely (often on “law and order”/”moral clarity” grounds); people who oppose them in principle, but yield to the reality that illegals are here and driving; people who are somewhat indifferent, and see this as a technical problem to be solved by issuing licenses, and groups that broadly favor rights for illegal immigrations (blessed with the enlightened title of “comprehensivists”).
But she also cautioned against penalizing students for something that their parents cannot or refuse to do.
Many Manhattan House residents believe that his company manufactured the distinctive white bricks used on the building, but Toby E. Boshak, the executive director of the Princess Grace Foundation, said that his firm was hired as a construction contractor to do the brick work and put up the distinctive white walls of the project.
Or, put more simply: calling confusion “nuance” doesn’t clarify anything.
Ms. Hughes herself lacked extensive foreign experience, though she speaks some Spanish, learned as a child when her father was governor of the Panama Canal Zone.
Mr. Ryan said that Bungie planned to continue to develop games exclusively for the Xbox platform.
Training and technology are the drivers here, and they continue to improve.
They are doing what most companies do with their products: protect their market.
The Jets drafted Darrelle Revis in the first round this year, presumably to take Barrett’s place, but Barrett had other plans.
But now the military is beginning to recruit Sunnis inside the capital, the center of Iraq’s political and economic power and a city that contains nearly a quarter of its population, a development that is deeply upsetting to Shiites, who fear that supporting Sunnis with militant pasts will allow the war to spread and will threaten the power balance in Baghdad that has come to favor Shiites.
The only survivor, Charlie Neitzel, pleaded for Mr. Peterson to stop.
Jennifer Daskal, the senior counterterrorism counsel at Human Rights Watch, said the ruling was notable in part because the administration sent two other detainees to Tunisia in June.
And the echo of the early reader comment that balls in OFF had apparently moved downhill in ON, requiring a logic either of human intentions or gravity, was like a thread in a novel.
By contrast, most campaigns conceal their fund-raising and time the release of financial information for political effect.
Attempts by the police and medical workers to revive her were unsuccessful.
And some of the cops are just as eager to forgo the legal niceties and do some righteous killing of their own (“Wipe ’em out.
My dad also called me the night Lennon was shot and with a sob in his voice, told me the horrid news.
The lead author of the study, Dr. Peter Calabresi of Johns Hopkins, said the problem with M.R.I. scans for multiple sclerosis patients was that they measured brain shrinkage, a symptom that tends to occur in the later stages of the disease.
Ms. Monte believes the story’s appeal lies in Scrooge’s ability to have a positive impact (e.g., saving the life of the little crippled boy Tiny Tim) as well as a negative one (too many examples to count) on his fellow human beings.
The balls bounced the Redskins’ way the rest of the way, a typical afternoon for opponents of the Jets this season.
An independent IS someone who votes accross party lines from election to election.
Blair Brown directs (1:30).
GETTING THERE Marbletown is about 100 miles from Midtown Manhattan, roughly a two-hour trip.
Raising three children there had been a squeeze, but the couple had become very attached to the 1940 house, which they bought for $355,000 in 1990.
Former President Bill Clinton gave the keynote address, in which he said that the United States was way behind countries like Denmark and Britain, which had created many jobs from the process of curbing greenhouse gases.
Billick won the 2001 Super Bowl in his second season with the Ravens, but since Bisciotti took over full ownership in 2004, Baltimore was 33-33.
C.J is the type of guy everyone is rooting for, he has a strong faith in the Lord, and his only response to praise is “I’m just blessed”.
The 1960s of quiet psychedelia and East-West, Indo-Appalachian fusions suffuse the album, but so do West African rock, the deconstructions of dub reggae, and contemporary thoughts of war, faith and disquiet.
ERROL MORRIS: I don’t really know.
Building more student housing would amount to “pouring gasoline on a fire,” said Richard S. Cowles, a homeowner who lives within a quarter-mile of both the Carriage House and the Keystone site.
Bear Stearns fired its co-president, Warren J. Spector, in August; Huw Jenkins stepped down early this week as the chief of UBS’s investment bank; and in February, HSBC dismissed the head of North American business, Bobby Mehta.
After college he drove a cab (he quit after being mugged twice in a month) and worked in a bakery and a bookstore before a friend tipped him to a job opening: technical assistant in the library’s periodical room.
Illustrated.
Ms. Gersten’s first job out of Oberlin College, from which she graduated with a degree in classical archaeology and art history, was at the 52nd Street Project, the theater mentor organization.
Their reluctance may reflect not only weariness with the increasing number of childhood immunizations but also the widespread sentiment that colds and flus are a “natural” part of childhood, even vital for toughening up a developing immune system.
Nobody will notice.
Appetizers include a terrine of wild Scottish salmon layered with soy-marinated radish slices, sweet and fiery, in a light saffron-basil vinaigrette.
Jeffrey D. Barnett Jeffrey D. Barnett wrote for the column Frontlines during his 2006 deployment to Falluja in support of First Radio Battalion from Camp Pendleton, Calif.
Sun was not yet its own record label, so Mr. Phillips sent the song to Chess Records.
10 to decline by filing formal papers with the Board of Elections.
According to Mr. Stewart, the animal is being eradicated mainly to feed Asian consumers’ craving for shark fin soup, a $300-a-bowl status symbol whose popularity is fueled by the widespread, demonstrably false belief that sharks don’t get sick.
Although the mailings are regulated by a Congressional commission to guard against overt political appeals and cannot go out within 90 days of an election, they still sometimes include criticism of the opposition.
Because of the school’s high academic standards, Jim Harbaugh said there were 100 to 150 players Stanford could recruit each year who will both be admitted and play at the Bowl Championship Series level.
Called race movies, the films were usually shown only in the South’s segregated theaters after midnight.
So how do you want to define it?
TomTom is Europe’s largest maker of navigation devices, but Garmin, based in the Cayman Islands, is larger in the United States and over all.
Mr. Raabe was joined by three good sports from the orchestra, who sang the roles of the pigs.
Think of all the money we save on educating people, providing health care and jobs, etc.
Keep track of all foods eaten in the 24 hours prior to each headache and eliminate any on the headache diet list in the future.
The bottom is made of a composite plastic that grips the dash.
Directed by Andrew Wagner; written by Fred Parnes and Mr. Wagner, based on the novel by Brian Morton; director of photography, Harlan Bosmajian; edited by Gena Bleier; music by Adam Gorgoni; production designer, Carol Strober; produced by Nancy Israel, Mr. Parnes, Mr. Wagner, Gary Winick and Jake Abraham; released by Roadside Attractions.
Rates for a standard room start at $375 a night.
Mr. Bush came to mind because, for all of the obvious vulnerabilities he exhibited in 2000, it was not him but Mr. Gore who was mocked unmercifully by the national media.
If your liquid of choice is something more savory — balsamic vinegar or soy sauce, for example — the carrots’ intrinsic sweetness provides a counterpoint.
I applaud Ms. Warner’s analysis, and I am sure I will be proud to call Ms. Clinton my president.
“It’s interesting that Hillary is taking something from George McGovern’s playbook,” Mr. Giuliani said.
The research reveals that “the sense of having a body, of being in a bodily self,” is actually constructed from multiple sensory streams, said one expert on body and mind, Dr. Matthew M. Botvinick, an assistant professor of neuroscience at Princeton University.
A named-peril policy specifies what risks are covered, like fire, windstorm, hurricane and theft, and excludes everything else.
Thanks Errol and Dennis for the great work!
The job is to prepare for the beginning of life.
The company said Thursday it had increased its quarterly marketing spending by 23 percent.
It stars Ian Holm as a failed pineapple farmer in the South Pacific at the start of World War II who is persuaded by the British governor to take a post as the official British resident of an obscure island.
Stanley proved himself a more than able explorer — he was a real leader and he had stamina.
The renovation — the second since they bought the house in Syosset, N.Y., in 1973 — has given them a home they never want to leave.
13, 1917, the more likely date, and the one given on her death, is 1920.
“It’s an asbestos river anyway,” he said.
It has been a tough 13 years for a trainer whose stable is largely geared around developing Triple Crown horses.
Please stay on topic and avoid personal attacks, profanity and SHOUTING.
The shaper of a baboon’s mind is natural selection.
Until 1994, the Fed did not even announce its decisions to raise or lower interest rates; investors and journalists had to infer the decision by watching for changes in the overnight federal funds rate.
Professor Fish nailed this analysis, and it’s like opening a box under the Christmas tree.
Quite simply, many white families adopt internationally rather than adopting black children domestically because–they can. as a korean-american adoptee, i have underwent many stages in dealing with my past. while i do contend that there is a part of myself i wish i knew (where, how, when i was born) i have always felt my parents ‘chose’ me. through a sea of other hopeful kids, they saw me & decided to grant me an opportunity i couldn’t refuse. your article has sparked an interest to volunteer time in a korean orphanage in the near future. i predict it will be therapeutic & short of adopting, a way to ‘pay it forward’, for i shall never forget where i came from.
Mr. Wen has demanded environmental reviews for different proposed sites.
What has changed since April?
Sales fell 11 percent, to 4.35 billion euros ($6.27 billion).
The chip industry measures its progress by the width of one of the smallest features of a transistor.
I will look forward to reading more!
Obviously, that's one of the things we're looking at,'' he said.
I had tried many of the drugs, and found that most of them didn’t agree with me, when all I really needed was a heat pack to relax the muscle.
Hotel Dario (Calle la Calzada; 505-552-3400; www.hoteldario.com) offers quality double rooms for $100 plus tax.
Ms. Fairstein said that one time a visiting girlfriend took him cocaine concealed in a condom, and slipped it into his mouth when the two kissed.
Written (in English and Hindi, with English subtitles) and directed by Sandhya Suri; directors of photography, Ms. Suri and Lars Lenski; edited by Cinzia Baldessari and Brian Tagg; produced by Carlo Cresto-Dina; released by First Run/Icarus Films.
Thanks so much for the stories, and the wonderful drawings.
Running time: 88 minutes.
He estimates his assets in Bangladesh to be $30 million.
It isn’t clear why antidepressants seem to cool hot flashes, at least in some women.
The next best thing to your ABC and PBS programs.
Those with a history of making and bottling their own wine, like the Chermettes or like Michel Tête in Juliénas, are holding their own.
I ask John Edwards to do the work and bring these points home to the American people in the clearest and most accurate fashion, supported by the facts, using the appropriate models.
This last comment is to be taken as comming from an engineering perspective.
Anyway, I think that the release of “TBO” in 2007 is another nail in the coffin for Ms. Warner’s thesis that it’s time to celebrate “T&L”’s “passage into history.”
Dustin Pedroia grounded to Pettitte, who held Lugo at third, but Kevin Youkilis battled Pettitte for an 11-pitch walk.
Shortly after reaching the World Series last season, the Tigers pulled off the first major move when they traded for Gary Sheffield.
Don Imus had his free speech for years.
It plans to use stock in its Nikko Cordial purchase, improving its balance sheet management, and not repurchasing stock until it bolsters its capital cushion.
That would certainly have been more than I could handle.
Martin LaMonica of CNET News.com’s Green Tech blog (news.com) said some of the sins “may sound like nitpicking,” adding, “If manufacturers use more recycled material or make an effort to use benign chemicals, they should be able to label their products as such.”
REPORTERS typically portray themselves as dispassionate observers watching other people perform.
To put it differently, doubt means delay.
All of these are potentially plausible arguments, based on the question.
He said no decision had been made about an appeal.
This time, the Raptors outscored the Nets by 18-0 over a period of 6:52.
Crude oil futures rose 86 cents yesterday, to $96.32 a barrel, after a nominal record on Tuesday.
“BUSH lies” doesn’t cut it anymore.
Since the photos were taken in the northern hemisphere, that would mean that the ON photo was taken earlier in the day, since the sun moves across the southern sky, from left to right, when seen from north of the equator.
“While these gifts upset some who would receive less money, Mr. Morrissey’s friends were fully entitled to express their feelings for him in this way,” Mr. Ross said.
Novick superbly parses James’s sometimes contradictory political views and his acquaintance with the politicians of the day.
Disheartened, they checked out Federal-style town houses there, but were never won over.
Previous Rockies teams focused on exploiting that opportunity for power but devolved into slothful, unappealing clubs, only one of which reached the playoffs, in 1995.
But here’s the funny thing: the strategy works.
In the last 12 months, Countrywide financed almost $500 billion in loans, or around $41 billion a month.
With Colliton holding Strudwick, DiPietro grabbed Strudwick from behind and gave several tugs — planting his glove in his face.
It doesn’t need to be a win-lose situation.
Dallas scored only 37 goals during the regular season, with the Guatemalan international Carlos Ruiz being limited to a team-leading seven in 22 games.
Patrons can go to 139norfolk.com, rent the Falcon (which seats up to six people snugly), and watch a DVD of a movie projected on a somewhat large screen.
The deal, subject to Jenkins’s passing a physical, includes a vesting option for a third season.
It may finally increase the value of his rookie card!
But for many years, the Japanese, rather than investing more at home, have been putting their money overseas because of the low returns from domestic stocks and bonds.
Usually, position coaches have to deal with a few unhappy parents.
Look slightly to the left of center toward the bottom.
Mario, the goofy, fat Italian plumber, is by far the most famous character in video games and perhaps one of the world’s most-recognized fictional characters in any medium.
Still, while the firm posted an eye-popping 261 percent rise in that business’s profits from the same time last year, it isn’t entirely clear when the cycle will kick into a higher gear.
Maybe Mr. Gold was working the wrong market.
Or do I want the slightly pricier titanium or the top-of-the-line lithium ones?
Bonnie sometimes sat outside the kitchen with Tara after dinner smoking pot, which was congenial.
His last paintings before his death three years later harked to his earlier work.
It appears that many, if not most, of the shells in the OFF picture are still present in the ON plus many more additional shells.
True enough - but the conservative anxiety about this issue strikes me as worthy of a closer look.
Did anyone see Solo pouting on the bench during the game and Kai telling her to stop?
For another yank to the adrenal glands, try banging around the inside of a bobsled at 80 miles an hour.
Mailer had just published “Marilyn”, a photo collection with an extended essay.
Already, the impact of that decision can be felt.
When I was in grade school, my hour long bus route included a 30 minute trek up and back down a treacherous, dead end road.
Last summer, she was selected as one of 30 adopted teens from the United States to tour China as guests of the Chinese government and the U.S. National Council for Adoption – the first program of its kind.
Mr. Mailer saw little combat in the war and finished his military career as a cook in occupied Japan.
For virtually everyone you talked to, that gut feeling was at least as persuasive as any technical argument.
They amassed a large art collection, including a series of gargantuan paintings by Rubens that are displayed at the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art (5401 Bay Shore Road, 941-359-5700; www.ringling.org), on the 66-acre bayside estate where they wintered.
The company expects earnings per share for its fiscal second quarter to range between 95 cents and 97 cents per share.
There are a lot more people that are already in stocks or mutual funds than there are sitting in cash waiting for a bargain.
But high-end grilled cheese owes a debt to Nancy Silverton, who began grilled cheese night a decade ago when she was working behind the bar at Campanile, which she formerly owned.
If you saw Mary Poppins behind every white baby’s stroller, would that bother you less?
Because it is stunning to see the turnaround, shocking to see how many of those cannonballs the British were planning to lob right back on the Russians.
Negotiations, which began before the stagehands’ contract expired in July, have centered on the union’s work rules.
Randi Weingarten, president of the United Federation of Teachers, described the scores as “bad news.”
(Pantheon, $24.)
It is a speech that Mr. Booker has been giving often in recent weeks as he roams the city in the middle of the night to prod a department that, depending on the point of view, is either overworked and understaffed, or hamstrung by apathy and complacency.
22 — A crippling national transportation strike that has lasted nine days appeared to be sputtering in France today as striking rail workers seemed willing to accept negotiations and voted throughout the country to return to work.
Those who support “green” thinking have seen the true God.
They found that plastic adsorbed far more of the chemical than sediments.
And it would come complete, not in kit form.
Taylor, who had a knee injury, was excused from the Redskins to check on the house after the break-in.
A big reason Ford execs give for the name change is that “Taurus” is more familiar, but somebody apparently forgot to tell the salespeople.
They’re heavily armed.
‘100 SAINTS YOU SHOULD KNOW’ In previews; opens on Sept.
Hence repeated transgressions.
But she loved it, she said, and after discovering that the Shuberts were also interested, will produce the musical with them on Broadway.
I certainly hope the martyrdom thing is over.
Moreover, they should be pursuing a passion or a mission, not just quarterly profits.
After being rejected, she finds refuge at the Vortex, a ramshackle house inhabited by the seven biggest geeks on campus.
They started the engine of a jeep, but no one in the crowd took notice.
The rest of the Stanford football coaching staff receives a $3,000-a-month housing allowance.
Ms. Kennedy’s plain but carefully considered words require space to reverberate, and if any play calls out for a stage of shadowy depths, this is it.
Neither here nor there, the film is “Elf” without the goofy jokes, Will Ferrell or heart, “Bad Santa” without the smut, Billy Bob Thornton or spleen.
I appreciate that he described in detail how Imus was attacked in a caricature of indignation by the “pundits”–I hope I spelled that correctly.
The NetBeans e-mail subscriber list, for example, has grown from 124,139 subscribers in 2004 to 506,432 subscribers in 2007, Sun said.
Ultimately, the challenge is how to balance the need to respect a child’s right to his or her ethnic identity and cultural background against the known detrimental effects caused by early deprivation of a primary caregiver.
11 commission.
There are not enough missing cannonballs in the ‘OFF’ photo to account for all the new ones in the ’ON’ photo.
His souk-smart salesmen — many of them relatives and friends from the enclave — choreographed the shopping experience, waltzing the zboon (SY slang for “customer”) in well-rehearsed steps toward the be’aah, the sale.
After a fair and open trial in which Mr. Ressam was convicted by a jury of his peers, I stated at sentencing that “we have the resolve in this country to deal with the subject of terrorism, and people who engage in it should be prepared to sacrifice a major portion of their life in confinement.”
I was a bit disappointed to see the notion of collecting of cannon balls for reuse lost in the last analysis.
And while his socially conscious contemporaries protest governmental tyranny and censorship, what gets Jan in trouble is his attachment to a (real) Czech rock band, the Plastic People of the Universe.
The stock decline did aid Barclays in one way.
A sustained appreciation of the yuan could ease frictions somewhat with the United States, the European Union and Japan, all of which have criticized China for not allowing faster appreciation.
Eat regular meals, get enough sleep and get regular physical exercise.
His .738 winning percentage is the highest in team history.
Hoeppner and Lynch had known each other for 25 years, having coached in and around Indiana since early in their careers.
Fraud investigators scoured 20 premises including the Industry and Trade Ministry, Israel Lands Administration, Jerusalem Municipality and Postal Authority for potential evidence in their probe, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.
24.
But the students here are officers and enlisted men and women of the United States Air Force who could be called into action at any time.
He didn't want to throw away the stones and instead slotted them into the patch pocket on his jacket so that he could plant them in his grandparents' front yard, where there were already two apricot trees.
Brewers General Manager Doug Melvin told The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that he had offered Cordero a four-year, $42 million deal with an option for a fifth year.
We don’t have kids yet, so I can’t share anything from that perspective.
This year’s enrollment period continues through Dec.
Because they are derived from patients’ own cells, they eliminate the need for antirejection drugs.
Campaign donations from the sugar industry have topped $3 million in each of the last four political cycles.
If so, worrying about standards of evidence are pointless.
Hawaii is in 16th place this week, still four places short of where the Warriors need to finish to earn an automatic bid to a big-money bowl game.
I’ve rented the CD’s of your shows and watched all of them.
Comments are moderated.
I wanted to kill him.
Our family played games (Scrabble, RISK, cards) did homework together, and often read together (all in the same room).
Although current rules are quite restrictive and allow force to be used only defensively, the standards have not been enforced and Blackwater guards, in particular, earned a reputation for being quick on the trigger.
They have one assistant and hire temporary help for the festival.
At that point, someone should have let it rust in peace.
From the opening orchestra statement of the theme in the gentle first movement, and throughout the rest of this ethereal score, he shaped the music with grace on the surface yet tugging urgency just below.
Tony La Russa’s name was floated about 10 days ago, but it was a trial balloon that burst as quickly as it was floated.
Danielle Jamison, 17, from Brooklyn, attended the movie in Times Square with her 17-year-old boyfriend.
They are not a disease caused by bacteria or virus (presumably) but instead are part of the huge spectrum of life that we are still only in our infancy understanding.
DVD Movies With an iTunes Copy: Worth More?
We were losing freedom of press and a host of other democratic freedoms, and a list too long to elaborate on, i.e. the opposite of democratic rule.
Officials with the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, a group with considerable weight in assessing progress toward democracy of former Eastern bloc countries, issued a darkly worded warning to the Georgian government at a news conference.
And the quarterly loss from online services more than doubled to $264 million, compared with a loss of $102 million in the year-earlier quarter.
There was no way to verify his claim.
Likewise, G.M. does not have new product plans for its stamping plant near downtown Indianapolis, where 850 people work, and plans to close or sell it by 2011, according to the contract, although the company says it will consider keeping the plant open.
“This is not a dream, you’re not going to wake up from this.
Why did she elect herself chairperson for life for her party and then claim to be pro democracy?
Almost two months ago on this blog, I asked the question: Do you trust the Giants?
Then, the senator said, she was watching television one night when she saw news of Dr. Malakov’s killing.
Dick, your time has past.
In Iowa yesterday, Mr. Thompson did not confirm the endorsement but told Radio Iowa that such support would be a validation of his record.
She’s been intentionally vague as a means to try and elude criticism of a specific policy.
"There's a lot of interest in tomorrow's employment report," he added.
I’ll make no judgements on the photographer’s courage, but he made a darn good set stylist/art director.
Its asset management unit reported $124.9 million in revenue, up 88 percent thanks to gains in investments in its hedge funds.
Lets start the real tornument now!!
Time magazine popularized the wisecrack that it looked like an Oldsmobile sucking a lemon.
It could be affecting my business right now,” Ms. Lambert said.
All American airliners, for example, now have “enhanced ground proximity warning systems.”
To test this hypothesis, one could compare, for example (a) the religiosity of Catholics and Jews in America, with that of their co-religionists in Europe, (b) the religiosity of the new evangelical converts in Latin America and Africa, with that of their animist, Christian and Muslim neighbors.
But Mr. Bush’s main argument for his escalation — that it would create political space for Iraqis to work together and achieve national reconciliation — has proved wrong.
With that, he applied his corkscrew to a bottle of 2004 Grant Burge Filsell, an intense, polished Barossa Valley shiraz that sells for about $35.
“A lot of material moved from being a living tree to being litter,” Dr. Chambers said.
Mr. Bush is eagerly feeding those anxieties.
Police officials said they were investigating whether the crimes were related and issued a community alert with a picture of a car believed to be tied to the shooting of Mr. Cisse.
The balance has shifted away from benefit of the doubt when someone from the “old boys’ club” indulges his petty and nasty ways, to calling him on it.
Most grab bottles of water or sports drinks.
Draper’s philippic dealt with anti-Communism and rewritten history, and didn’t mention Iraq, Israel or the Middle East, but then Kirkpatrick was what we might now call a midperiod neocon.
One of the reasons he left the C.I.A., he said, was because he did not want to recruit agents who might face retribution for their betrayal.
Who expects truth from the buffoons on radio and television anyway?
But word that he was already gone rippled through Thursday’s crowd in the second half.
But the pattern is so conspicuous this year that it suggests a widening gap between what holiday moviegoers want (“Happy Feet”!) and what Hollywood awards-strategists need (heavy-hitting drama).
And layers of oversight will be built in, from the firehouse to the division to the borough to headquarters, Mr. Scoppetta said.
By the spring of 2004, when Mr. Bush agreed to support a plan by Mr. Sharon to withdraw Israeli settlers and forces from Gaza, Mr. Sharon asked for something more that set off a huge fight within the administration: American recognition that Palestinian refugees and their descendants who had fled in the 1940s would have a right of return to a new Palestinian state, but not to Israel itself.
I have met wonderful people from all walks of life, friends that will stay in my life as long as it lasts.
He had drained some of the water by cutting channels in his fields.
It has raised the overall commercial value of our sport, and our teams have benefited as the investors in SUM.
A companion book, co-written with Philip Gourevitch, will also appear in 2008.
Richmond H. Shreve and William F. Lamb were working for the elite Beaux-Arts firm Carrère & Hastings in the early 1920s, and were an essential part of its expansion into commercial design, as in their 1921 Fisk Building, at 250 West 57th Street, between Broadway and Eighth Avenue.
16 at the Axis Company, 1 Sheridan Square, Greenwich Village; (212) 352-3101.
The principal owner, George Steinbrenner, is the final authority on that, and he has long been a supporter of Mattingly, who was Torre’s bench coach last season.
It may be that when adults talk to babies, they use a language that is universally understood.
Now I hoped to figure out exactly what sort of hunter-gatherers had started my family down our path.
The children in those fund-raising appeals have grown up.
All the players you mention along the way made a story out of a sequence of photos–from Sontag’s Victorian conspiracy to your own narrative of physical evidence.
A Blackwater spokeswoman, Anne Tyrrell, would not confirm or deny that Mr. Moonen had ever worked for the company.
“We should talk,” says Ann, in the line that opens “Homelife.”
Opponents of the law, including Little League International and other youth sports leagues, had asserted that metal bats were no more dangerous than wood ones.
27 at 3 p.m.
These desperate (often paranoid) parents will continue to say that drugs are (good/bad), doctors are (good/bad), schools are (good/bad) and society is (good/bad), selecting whatever answer works to explain their pitiful lot, and grasping on studies like this to validate their belief that if it were not for bad people (doctors, lawyers, you name it) withholding proper treatment or resources their kid would be OK.
I need you weekly!!!!
The third disc is devoted to Vitaphone shorts, many recovered with the help of the nonprofit Vitaphone Project.
In “The Savages” Laura Linney and Philip Seymour Hoffman stand in for every grown-up child reacting to a parent’s decline.
UNITED DOUBLES SURCHARGE United Airlines raised its fuel surcharge on most domestic flights to $10, from $5.
A bigger reason may be that in recent years many subprime loans were not sought out by borrowers but actively sold to them by brokers and telemarketers, said Calvin Bradford, a housing researcher and consultant.
The study does not reveal the names of the brands or their manufacturers.
THE people who earn their living by coming up with new exchange-traded funds seem to have a touch of wanderlust.
Lewis disclosed the stake on Monday in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Turning the pages in “Beyond Nose to Tail,” you may feel you’re wandering in an abattoir-cum-art gallery.
(Mr. Morrel was not charged.)
The original deadline had been year-end.
I was perhaps 6; I can’t forget the rapture with which I used to listen to it.
Brushers gently move the tips of the bristles — finer than a cat’s whisker, but still firm, with a needlelike point — under the gumline and into the teeth’s deepest crevices.
The lawyers for Beech and Nathans said they respected the judge's decision, but they are considering suing Offerman.
The Red Cross often acts as a “neutral intermediary” to facilitate hostage releases, Ms. Piccolo said in a phone interview.
The bar is three meters (almost 10 feet) of glass-laminated white onyx that can be lit from the rear to glow at night.
You cannot discuss the timeless American lust to destroy New York City without mentioning race, ethnicity and European democratic socialism.
Listeners, too.
And though Mr. Ortlieb described the original interior as “unbelievably ugly,” he saw potential.
Nell Freudenberger on David Leavitt; Mark Lilla, the author of “The Stillborn God”; Rachel Donadio on the canon wars.
“Ethiopians train in groups, Kenyans train in groups, Japanese train in groups,” Kevin Hanson said.
According to the report, the Pulaski Skyway is the bridge most urgently in need of repair in New Jersey.
But educators and school officials said those early alternative schools were short-lived, mostly disappearing by the mid-1970s as they lost their appeal to many students and parents who came to view them as socially and academically inferior to traditional high schools.
"Domestic Disturbances" appears every Friday.
According to the report, which was based largely on internal Blackwater e-mail messages and State Department documents and compiled by the Democratic staff of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the episode began between 10:30 and 11:30 p.m. on Dec.
The format was intended to play to the strengths of Mr. Seacrest, the ubiquitous television personality who is also host of television’s biggest hit, “American Idol,” which not coincidentally is also broadcast by Fox.
“That really tormented me.”
This is bait and switch in the worst sense.
Created in 1999 in Brooklyn, ComAlert was recently the subject of a state-funded study carried out by the district attorney’s office in collaboration with Bruce Western of Harvard, a sociologist and criminal justice expert.
In Fenton’s day, objectivity and truth were not synonymous.
Foreigners are prohibited from majority ownership in many sectors of the Indian economy, including finance, power and railroads, and are not allowed to participate in markets like commodities exchanges.
Merrill had just reported the biggest quarterly loss in its history.
Airport officials said they may eventually offer other vaccinations, and screenings for cholesterol and high blood pressure.
Kobe Bryant and Tayshaun Prince added 13 apiece.
Ms. Sedgwick may have been his most famous superstar (at least the one now most likely to adorn a book jacket), and plenty of women crossed in front of his camera.
Five bidders competed for the painting, which had an estimate of $1.4 million to $1.8 million.
The SEL is $27,365; the Eddie Bauer is $29,720 and the Limited is $30,700.
Miss Clark sold both Vermeer Studio structures in 1953, and they were demolished the next year to make way for the apartment house now on the site, 116 East 66th Street, designed by Paul Resnick.
He was bitterly disappointed by Labor’s ascension to power in Israel.
When they are falling its bad, hopefully temporary and always prefaced with a certain recovery.
The conference said that countries could use the 700-megahertz slice for wireless broadband services like cellphones, mobile TV and WiMax, although at each country’s time of choosing.
Well, as for the billboard ads, I can see why parents would have reacted the way that they did.
All artists, regardless of the medium, be they painters, photographers, or poets feel they are blessed to see the world in a unique way.
How could the family expect her to be treated by strangers any better than they treated her.
Acquiring Document Sciences will allow EMC to further its goal of delivering systems for handling business problems end to end, it said.
His recent flips on policy to win the Republican nomination will hurt him.
While I enjoyed reading (parts of) this lengthy exchange, I think that by turning the order of the cannonball photographs into a mystery, you ignored what is essential to recognize about them: how aesthetics relates to politics.
By building ritualistic landing strips and control towers and wearing hand-carved wooden headsets, islanders hoped to summon the return of the packaged food, weapons, medicine, clothing and other gifts from the heavens that had been airdropped to troops fighting Japan.
Mr. Blakeman is a commissioner of the Port Authority.
Helping propel the bank to the top of the list was its advisory work on deals such as Royal Bank of Scotland’s $95 billion acquisition of Dutch bank ABN Amro, the biggest banking takeover in history; the $48 billion buyout of Canadian telecom giant BCE; and the $44 billion takeover of Texas power company TXU by buyout shops and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and TPG Capital.
After a brief recess, Judge Restaino returned to the bench and asked the defendant who had been standing before him in the front of the courtroom when the phone rang if he knew whose it was.
Mr. Bartlett, a Republican, was the only member of the Maryland delegation to vote against the bill, and he is coming under intense pressure to switch sides as the House moves toward a vote next week on whether to override President Bush’s veto of the legislation.
This is the Land of Oz this time of the year.
But he said the idea thrilled him.
Closes on Dec.
Since this is not a question easily susceptible to quantitative analysis, I have to rely on my experience, and that of other students I have known, including my children.
Poverty is directly related to petty crime (muggings, drug dealing, etc.).
So far, the United States attorney’s office in California, which monitored Mitchell’s interviews with McNamee, has not reacted to Clemens’s contradiction of McNamee’s statements.
He should reserve that for his own psyche, which is only subtly out of whack, but still would be if he were living in paradise.
First-class service to country deserves first-class appreciation.
Louisville was sluggish for a half in a 73-49 victory against Morehead State on Wednesday, but Pitino said there were signs that the Cardinals were starting to get it together.
An early stop was Papeete, Tahiti.
This reminds me of something I read in a Neil Gaiman story once; “It’s the province of fools and children to point out the emperor has no clothes, but the emperor remains and emperor and the fool, a fool.”
So any interpretation of a person’s genome is at present heavily skewed toward generating ominous news.
In terms of politics, Ethiopia has come a long way since the Derg was overthrown in 1991, but it still has a way to go.
There are too many changes between the two pictures to have occured in the hour or so he had between shots.
PhoCusWright found that among travelers with access to the Internet, the percentage who usually book travel online dropped to 62 percent at the end of last year from 68 percent in 2005, while those who say they usually arrange travel offline increased to 31 percent from 25 percent during the same period.
I immediately complained to Mr. Hancock, in more or less mock indignation.
(In his 60s, he became obsessed with one of his daughters-in-law and died in a railroad-crossing collision — probably by accident, but possibly by intention — with her son, his grandson, at his side.)
Hillary should be treated just like the other candidates–if she’s fuzzy on something–confront her in the debtates and media.
But the vote was condemned by the guerrillas.
That does not include the charitable events and industry dinners where he has been M.C., always writing his own jokes, which invariably score big laughs.
Imported from Europe, this smaller, more simplified version of the loathed traffic circle is gaining popularity among transportation officials not only in New Jersey but also around the country as a way of slowing traffic down and reducing the number of accidents.
At least half of coal-fired electicity generation should be shut down in the U.S. immediately.
Modernism had been more or less embraced by the time the old Armarkat arrived.
It also seemed, though, perhaps more than in other years, that the movies I liked did not entirely stand alone.
The ice is now spreading again under the influence of the deep Arctic chill that settles in as the sun drops below the horizon at the North Pole for six months, starting Friday.
The R152a alternative represents a 90 percent reduction of global warming potential compared with R134a.
Please stay on topic and avoid personal attacks and profanity.
Mr. Scott doesn’t escape the contradiction that bedevils almost every Hollywood movie about gangsters, which cry shame, shame, as they parade their stars, crank the soul and showcase the foxy ladies, the swank digs and rides.
I also enjoy having the choice to come and go as I please.
From a tactile and aesthetic standpoint, the standard steering wheel seems straight from the Volvo mom catalog.
Lee Kelley Lee Kelley wrote for the TimesSelect column Frontlines in 2006 during his deployment as an Army signal officer in Al Anbar Province, where he maintained the blog, Wordsmith at War.
Central Park was 87 degrees, J. F. K. was 90 — that broke the daily record by 15 degrees.”
Preston Tucker was an automotive maverick who tried (and ultimately failed) in the late 1940s to produce a vehicle with many novel safety features, including impact-absorbing bumpers, a third-eye headlight designed to turn with the front wheels, windshield glass that popped out harmlessly on impact, and a “safety chamber” in the front floorboard area where occupants could dive to safety before a collision.
It would put real teeth in the government’s regulatory system by increasing maximum fines from $1.85 million to $100 million.
Financial institutions will also struggle to replace the billions they had earned by structuring acquisitions for private equity firms and by trading mortgage bonds.
Neither he nor The Times alluded to the rest of his history.
The Empire State Building was finished in less than 14 months.
It is then the province of philosophy and religion to figure out the identity of that first cause.
Laraine Day, a popular actress who appeared in almost two dozen MGM movies during Hollywood’s Golden Age, notably as the nurse Mary Lamont in a series of Dr. Kildare movies, died Saturday in Ivins, Utah.
PARIS, Nov.
But perhaps all good unit owners and shareholders should pause a moment to reflect on the fate of the shareholders at 74 Grand Street, a 25-foot-wide co-op building in SoHo, which has landmark status.
But he said that no one else wanted to buy the company, and that the special committee had stalled its consideration of the Cerberus offer while courting a potential suitor who was not a serious bidder.
At first it struck me as an enormous gallery, but that is too kind; rather it seems to be a huge schlock collection aimed at the tourists clogging Soho more or less around the clock.
Hulu wants to offer the rich video that people are used to seeing on television.
Circa also offers a price in writing, allowing sellers to compare offers from other outlets for a few weeks before making a decision.
A couple of immobile fingers are not about to keep her from her daily routine of two and a half hours at the piano, starting off with a Bach prelude.
It is examining voting patterns, demographic trends and the last election’s campaign advertisements in Ohio, New Mexico and other swing states.
And now Russert is a villian, when just a few months ago he was an epic hero of the free press putting thay lying Libby into jail.
BEST RACE There are nominees aplenty, including a women’s 100 that required a photo finish.
“I don’t mind,” Mr. Jacobs said to a hotel manager, who pointed out the photographers.
In return, Asia-grown automotive pursuits like drifting, where competitors try to slide their cars sideways in a half dozen consecutive drifts, have found popularity in America.
Of course if the borders are not properly watched, some terrorists could easily enter the U.S. as Mexican illegals.
“If it says, ‘I hate them, I never read them,’ then I reject them,” she said.
The opponent was Switzerland before Roger Federer had come of age, and the United States assembled one of the finest lineups in history — Andre Agassi, Jim Courier, Pete Sampras and John McEnroe.
Ms. Sun said the company sold raw pharmaceutical ingredients in Europe and America and more advanced pharmaceutical ingredients in India, among other places.
Despite the recent turbulence, Mr. Prince said that Citigroup’s board was content with the strategy and management.
Whoever they are.
We must restore middle class Americans to the place they occupied in the last half of the 20th century.
Monarchs like Charles I of England and Louis XIV of France or discriminating patrons like the Cardinal Francesco Barberini and Cardinal Jules Mazarin commissioned sumptuous tapestries more precious than paintings, furniture or decorative objects.
In an unusual statement after the meeting, the Fed’s policymakers declined to say whether they were more concerned about inflation or the outlook for economic growth.
She’s written a memoir of her Calitri journey that she hopes to publish; she’s taking pictures.
Missouri, West Virginia, Boston College, Arizona State and Georgia round out the top 10.
HOUSTON, Oct.
He may be your friend, but I find him boring, stale, and beyond his time.
Q. Following the meltdown of your board, including the resignation of the chairwoman, Patricia Dunn, you had to fill five director positions.
The alternative schools that survived were often unpopular with school officials as well because the small classes made them costly to run.
Arrowhead Research is backed by Fidelity Investments, the mutual fund company, and York Capital Management, a hedge fund company, and other public shareholders.
But then Dr. Rubin reported that the mice were also less fat, which led to the revised plans to look for changes in body fat as well.
In particular, Rutu, I admire your candor about yourself and how you think even more than the stories and insights about your family and friends; it must not have been easy to write a memoir which ever so gently admits to the self-doubt we all feel at times over things we have said or done.
It now offers a nonstop from Atlanta to the main island of Trinidad.
If there are problems — for example, glove damage or a failure of the suit’s oxygen supply — returning to safety could take somewhat longer than the 30 minutes of backup oxygen.
Still, it’s time to bring on the Bundesmacht and past time for continental Europe to overcome its pacifist mirage and accept that these are dangerous times demanding serious defense budgets and sacrifice.
The California sea lion is a robust species, but in the past decade marine biologists have recognized domoic acid poisoning as a growing threat to its health.
There is a benign side to Zeffirellian high living, and it is the challenge that the sights offer to those who make the sounds.
The cause was pneumonia, his family said.
Her work has appeared in Azizah, Nha, The Iodine Poetry and other magazines.
(And very long shadows those are.)
Facing a possible one-year jail sentence if convicted of the felony, Fike and his lawyer, Charlie Rittgers, put together a proposal in which Fike promised to speak and pass out information at schools, racetracks and other places.
“So you are going to Goteborg?” a tweedy young man asked me, incredulously, in an espresso bar on the capital's fashionable Sodermalm island.
But the American finding has so unsettled governments, agencies and officials dealing with Iran that it has suddenly upended commonly held assumptions.
Sari Nusseibeh, the Palestinian philosopher, said in his autobiography that came out earlier this year that his father always told him rubble makes the best building material.
“Grace Is Gone” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
But what a killer idea, Schiller!
At least that’s what Peter Parnell has Darwin say in his new play, “Trumpery,” which opened this month at the Atlantic Theater Company in New York.
The three had been scheduled to return to Santa Barbara, Calif., on Monday, she told the AP from Boquete, Panama, earlier Tuesday.
The string of concertos that followed was prime material for private evenings in great houses and subscription events that Mozart produced himself, sometimes selling tickets from his own front door.
Warehouse lenders provide credit lines to mortgage companies to finance new lending.
And, I sympathize with them.
Clearly, the judicious reduction of visual experience to line, shape and composition is what Mr. Kelly values in drawing, but it is also what makes this section seem like a teaching exercise.
She speaks compellingly in interviews, but somehow loses all focus on paper.
Thank you, Brian, for these very powerful and painful poems about the experience and reality of war.
It is a hard trick to pull off, dissociating yourself so completely from someone for whom you worked for a decade, as Mr. Brown had for Mr. Blair.
In Noah Baumbach’s “Margot at the Wedding,” a face is slapped, some punches and kicks are thrown and a gracious old shade tree is subjected to assault by chain saw.
Mr. Albardaner still brings Columbus novices to the Historic Archive of Protocols in Barcelona, where they can hold a yellowed note from the 15th century filled with the calligraphic scrawl of the man he believes stumbled upon the Caribbean while looking for a western route to India.
Called the FireStream 9170, the chip package is aimed initially at high performance computers (HPCs) like those used by scientists for climate research and oil exploration, and by financial analysts for advanced number crunching.
The current bunch, well, they just flat don’t care … as Goebbels said, if you repeat the big lie loud enough and often enough, it will come to be accepted as the truth.
We NEED easily accessible, clear, fair, thoughtful and straight forward information about WHAT the heck our government is doing…and we need it NOW.
Obama is exceptionally smart and would come up the curve quickly if he were given the opportunity to lead.
In 1965, Mr. Carliner represented Bruce C. Scott, a federal employee who sued the government after being fired for being gay.
If it is a moment of meditation, a yoga principle, a way to settle students so they can start the day (many a teacher is aware of classroom management techniques such as these), then fine.
The chiropractor listened carefully examined me and ordered x-rays before she proceeded.
Awaiting part 3!
Theres a fairly well know program that you can download to remove the Adds and many other things.
About the size of a grapefruit.
One outside Democratic adviser noted that a Roman Catholic outreach staff member was hired only this year, after the party had named outreach staff members for Jewish, Muslim and black Protestant constituents.
This large new space will include an education center, gallery, cafe, indoor amphitheater and two theaters (90 and 150 seats) to complement the recently refurbished 268-seat Walter Reade Theater across the street and up one flight of stairs.
Inside the truck we were gods.
But critics suggested that even the new verdict would do little to curb the sharing of music.
I liked it for opening clams, too.
BUSH: Woah!
Her family neglected or overlooked need for supervision.
If the contractors were the aggressors in an incident, they could be deemed to be unlawfully using offensive force, said Scott Silliman, a retired Air Force lawyer and now a professor at Duke University.
No racial epithets were used, but the condescension is there.
The challenge for most consists of figuring out “how to keep Iraq in Iraq and how to keep home at home,” said Capt. Rich West, the chaplain in Mahmudiya.
Although he proved his tough-guy bona fides by rising to the top army post and then staging a bloodless coup in 1999, General Musharraf looks increasingly weak.
“This is more a piece of safety equipment, along the lines of a child car seat, than just a piece of athletic equipment,” Ferrara said.
In the negotiations, the producers are looking for more flexibility in determining when, and how many, stagehands are needed; the union’s position has been that any alteration to the work rules must come in exchange for other benefits.
Traditionally, most programs offer about 30 hours of classroom time and about six hours of driving.
On Thursday night Juilliard dancers with their backpacks and jeans took over the dance floor after performing Twyla Tharp’s “Deuce Coupe,” and a ballerina from the Kirov sipped a drink in a slinky cocktail dress while members of the Paul Taylor Dance Company mingled and gossiped.
Combined with growing interest among global investors in stocks that give them exposure to the resources boom, these funds have helped send prices for mining companies soaring.
Her husband should have been with her.
Possibly because the first was not satisfactory?
By that I mean, Do soldiers, marines, sailors and airmen feel they are being killed sitting down?
Odierno said that as a commander in the field, his calculation about how many Army brigades are needed and for what periods are not based on the policy goal of getting back to 12-month tours, even though it is a goal he supports.
I was shaky getting out, holding the tub’s edge and then lunging for the doorknob.
What really confuses me is how you then focus on monetary policy (yes, those bonds relate to the amount of Dollars in the world supply) and how that the amount of debt is the better indicator of economic health.
When the dummy cards were laid, he realized that his only chance of making his contract was if his opponents’ cards were distributed just so.
Perhaps, like caviar, if one had it daily, the salt might blunt the pleasure, (forgive the ineffective metaphor and its weak staying power; no coffee yet), but I, for one, would like to take that chance.
The brawl appeared to be part of a gang dispute and was similar to a fight on Sept.
Like Alice Waters at Chez Panisse or Dan Barber at Blue Hill at Stone Barns, Thielemann regards his cooking as an argument for a new relationship between restaurants and their suppliers, who, in turn, use their products to plead for sustainable agriculture and a new respect for traditional plants and animals.
Maybe it´s not so bad for this big “line” between parents and the world of kids to go away?
"Well, none of us is who we seem," he grumbled.
Wouldn’t you agree?
Indeed, users get one account for both.
But he did not comment directly on her remark at her news conference.
Sacramento thoroughly outplayed the Spurs in the third quarter and led by as many as 18 before San Antonio cut it to 86-73 heading into the final period when Washington swished a 3-pointer from 39 feet out at the buzzer.
Her revelation of the truth was the height of falsehood.
Still the headquarters of S C Johnson, the maker of waxes and cleaners, it retains a legacy of respect for the arts going back to when many industrialists lived in town and had money to spend on paintings and sculptures.
Once that became clear, voting for Clinton was out of the question.
I heard not a single cough before the doors opened near 11.
Mr. Mansouri’s mother said in August that the three men were tortured at the notorious Evin prison in Tehran.
China's top computer maker announced two products, the ThinkStation S10 and the ThinkStation D10, both aimed at professionals in industries such as oil and gas exploration, computer-aided design and digital content creation.
In his years with the team, the Giants won an N.F.L. championship in 1956 and played in two championship games, in 1959 and ’61.
Then, told said wife that he wanted a divorce on national television.
Inside, the lobby’s concrete floors were cracked, but no leaking, mold or signs of structural deficiency were evident.
Pontiac Aztek The 2001 Pontiac Aztek.
Michigan has 15 state universities, yet three of them, University of Michigan, Michigan State, and Wayne State together receive in excess of 50 percent of the state’s higher education appropriation.
Col. Aleksandr Feklisov, a Soviet spy whose long career included directing the intelligence-gathering of Julius Rosenberg, who was convicted of espionage and executed in 1953, and acting as an intermediary between the White House and the Kremlin during the 1962 Cuban missile crisis, has died.
His departure from Toyota, where he was the only American on its corporate board, and its highest-ranking executive in North America, was a shock to industry insiders.
The rate at which blacks commit homicides is seven times that of whites.
While only a percentage of that will be evident in a photo, the act of digging out the cannonballs and transporting them to the road will move and loosen even more debris.
The shot in question was relatively simple, if working with child actors can ever be considered simple: Gearhart, in the role of Georgie, a terrified 8-year-old hiding in an empty house, hears a noise behind him, turns and crosses a dimly lighted room.
No one, including the people at the bargaining table, is precisely sure what is being argued about, because many of the digital forms of entertainment at issue are in their nascent state.
Still more, including Mr. Valtchev, had not yet received a formal letter specifying any allegation.
The punch line comes when he blows a hole in your head with the pneumatic device he prefers to a conventional firearm.
Scholars, however, are cautious.
This is usually not all that difficult, in a layman’s debate, simply because the only reference the existence supporters have to fall back on is the bible and since the bible or its validity is at the heart of the debate it cannot be proposed as a source of empirical proof.
Those shavings, Mr. Suffredini said, will provide clues about which part is damaged.
“An airline spreading its flights over the course of the day would lose business,” he said.
Please travel by public bus or train if you want to see what China is like for the people who live there.
The deal was sealed, however, and they sent off keys to each other.
Someone hoping to buy a $200,000 apartment, according to brokers, would have to have at least $40,000 for a down payment; be able to afford average monthly housing costs of $1,600, with about $1,000 for the mortgage and about $600 more for co-op maintenance fees; and still have at least $9,600 in savings — the equivalent of at least six months’ worth of housing costs.
Still, Mr. Islam borrowed $20,000 from relatives and 90 percent from the broker, who also agreed to finance the cost of a new car.
A judge must decide on the applicability of these laws.
It was an indelible experience.
Ms. Franklin was casually dressed.
The league is charging cable companies 70 cents per subscriber per month, making the network one of the most expensive channels in the cable universe, far pricier than such cable staples as CNN, CNBC and the Discovery Channel.
Within the office of the undersecretary of defense for policy, some officials argue that they should be given the responsibility to define objectives of strategic communications and coordinate themes.
Search for “Barack Obama” on YouTube and you will find that the most-viewed video is titled “I Got a Crush ... on Obama.”
Granted, this is not the responsibility or the fault of video game makers.
Most of those members recognized that and voted for the bill, except for a small band of Republicans.
A U.N. statement said Ibrahim Gambari, in Myanmar to persuade the government leadership to ease its crackdown against uprising seeking to end 45 years of military dictatorship, met Sunday with the acting prime minister, the deputy foreign minister and the ministers of information and culture.
In Guston’s cartoonish pictures, a seemingly ham-fisted immediacy prevails, though it does not completely obscure a finely tuned aesthetic hedonism.
The authors, Tobin Harshaw and Chris Suellentrop, are staff editors for The New York Times Op-Ed page.
Some of the firefighters passed out water, and it was first a man, then a woman calling for Pete, the owner.
The founding principal of the city’s first Arabic-language school said yesterday that the Bloomberg administration forced her to resign in August by threatening to shut the school.
The bad news is that students in Singapore and several other Asian countries significantly outperform American students, even those in high-achieving states like Massachusetts, the study found.
Dr. Boyer, Dr. Giribet and their colleagues set off around the world to collect a diverse group of mite harvestmen.
No ball in the hole in the track in the ON photo.
What science can study is the phenomenology of what people think, say, and do in relationship to their perceptions, experiences, beliefs, practices, communities, and values.
He drove a 3-2 fastball from Sabathia down the line, into the second deck in right field.
She decided her dream college was the University of California, Los Angeles.
Mr. Sharif told supporters he was thankful to the Saudi king.
Tetrick became one of the top drivers in the Midwest before shifting to the Mid-Atlantic region last fall.
Elderly people are especially vulnerable because they often have several medical problems for which they see different doctors, each prescribing drugs, often without knowing what else the patient is taking.
Cellars allow age-worthy wines to reach their potential and keep simpler wines at their best as long as possible.
The lintel over the main doorway at No. 26 has the intricate warp and woof of layers and layers of sediment from millions of years ago.
Do you pick up on our moods and secrecies?
Look for a teaching tape on Self Hypnosis, or go to your local Library and see if they have one to check out.
But the student did not get into Stanford by being stupid enough to pick a fight with a prominent law firm at the start of his career.
The individual projects, some lasting three to four years, involve hundreds of hours of recording speech, developing grammars and preparing children’s readers in the obscure language.
Apparantly this birth mother wanted a reunion.
How does this affect the Justice Department’s ability to carry out its mission of upholding the rule of law?
But why do the checkpoints still look like garage sales?
Dr. Davies asserted in the article that science, not unlike religion, rested on faith, not in God but in the idea of an orderly universe.
NASHVILLE, Dec.
And many of them had not received adequate training on the new system, so they were moving more slowly.
Mr. Herrera Campíns took to politics as a law student in the 1950s, organizing a strike against the dictatorship of Gen. Marcos Pérez Jiménez.
Those employees, however, will be based in India.
In honor of his son, Mr. Cicciaro spun and smoked the tires of a car in front of the garage on Sunday.
On the Republican side, I have to admit I see only nightmare candidates - with the exception of Ron Paul.
The latest iteration of Unilever’s “Real Beauty” advertising campaign for Dove products, which celebrates women of all shapes and sizes, urges girls to reject the underfed and oversexualized images of women that dominate advertising.
As I understand it, the state is not legally obligated to make exemptions from its laws for those whose religious convictions make living in accordance with those laws burdensome.
Chris Mazzolini contributed reporting from Wilmington, N.C., and Jackie Alexander from Columbia, S.C. An article on Tuesday about a fire in a North Carolina beach house in which seven college students died misidentified the contributing reporter from Columbia, S.C., where six victims attended the University of South Carolina.
(NASDAQ:GOOG) and Microsoft Corp.
The deal for movie rentals is enhanced by Apple incorporating its Fairplay digital rights management system to let consumers transfer rental movies for viewing on iPods or on the iPhone.
Forward Marcel Hossa made his presence felt quickly, hitting the Islanders’ Chris Campoli hard in the corner, then snaring the puck on a forecheck that set up the Rangers’ first goal.
Now Comes the Backlash.
I swim there without a suit, out of sight of everyone, so that if in my wake I leave a thin, billowing cloud of urine that visibly discolors the surrounding pond waters, I'm largely unperturbed and feel nothing like the chagrin that would be sure to crush me should my bladder involuntarily begin emptying itself while I was swimming in a public pool.
In September alone, sales dropped to a pace of 716,000, the lowest since 1996.
This isn’t about a child’s bad day, this is about a school’s bad year,” he said, sitting in a sub-ground-level conference room at the Tweed Courthouse that tends to remind him, he mused, of prison (he’s “done time,” as a death row lawyer, in more than a few, and lost one client to execution).
Creating Nixon wasn’t the first time Mr. Morgan was enticed by the complexities of a dour, unlikable personality; before Richard Nixon there was Gordon Brown, at least in the chronology of Morgan screenplays.
Ms. Kaufman, Mr. Weiser and the experts are taking questions from readers this week.
More information: philamuseum.org.
But the question arises: What price to appear relevant?
“The primary job of the president wasn’t going to be out there raising money,” Miller told me.
He was jovial, seemed downright human…even played piano!
MTV Networks relies heavily on freelancers to produce content for MTV, VH1, Nickelodeon, and other cable channels and Web sites.
But Blumenthal illustrates a tendency in human nature to seek an authority, if not The Authority.
At the last minute I reached over and spooned in some of the creamy liquid off the black-eyed peas.
If they don’t like it, we could just seize all their assets and deport them to Zimbabwe.
“In a country where, if you play by the rules, you’ve got a fair chance to live the American dream.
It’s all over Gernsheim’s manuscripts, and I’m going through all that right now.
Nor did the anemic United States dollar appear to be having much influence on the flow of orders.
William Beckman is showing his age.
The other two apartments were not rent-regulated, but they were occupied.
I just don’t understand the current grilling of the religious beliefs of the Democratic candidates and the Extremist litmus test the Republicans are giving each other.
A particularly painful sight has been the performance of members of the National Association of Black Journalists, clubbing and pounding the radio/television host as if he were a Grand Kleagle.
Bebo had been working on its Facebook clone for several months, said Ziv Navoth, Bebo’s vice president for marketing.
Hospitals receive federal subsidies for the training they provide to medical interns and residents, but the equivalent system does not really exist in dentistry.
A watch in the archival box?
Yet when he becomes improbably obsessed with rescuing a 12-year-old Vietnamese virgin (Thuy Nguyen) from the clutches of traffickers, what could have been a gripping study of emotional resurrection devolves into a blurred odyssey of white guilt.
Marriage simultaneously simplified and complicated the songs; there’s something pleasantly disorienting about watching a husband and wife gazing at each other while singing past each other, for the benefit of thousands of voyeurs.
A studly military man as well as a scientist, he hangs on in a Manhattan that has gone back to nature in a big way — gathering vegetables in a Central Park that will give new meaning to “green market,” stalking deer in the high grass of Times Square — while simultaneously searching for a cure and steering clear of the rampaging, nocturnal ex-humans who have transformed into bloodthirsty predators, and who know where he lives.
It’s not the case with the single women.
In addition to the pleasure of tending their 10-by-13-foot plot, they enjoy summer social gatherings in the garden.
In 1974 I was a freshman in college and my interest in the Watergate scandal was purely generic.
Go ahead, have a field day….
On Tuesday Damien Hirst’s killing-machine-in-a-box begins its three-year stay at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
That’s fine because my goal growing up in life wasn’t that I wanted to be an N.F.L. player.
It gets cold, and in winter the stairs can get slippery.
C) None of the balls in ON have a dent under them nor a path leading up to them.
Doing so could “double or triple ridership,” he said.
That's vital because they're wired into the Internet, allowing growth in a way that wasn't possible 10 years ago.
Hearing it helped the listener feel hip, too.
What am I?” was the initial question she began asking herself as she started looking up the many definitions of “creole.”
Q: Like the line in the play, “Dreams are life’s coming attractions”?
I was cadding for some friends at a Miami golf course.
His elbows and shoulders stiffen, and he lumbers across the sets like a Frankenstein monster.
In the months ahead he will be seen in Mr. Stiller’s “Tropic Thunder,” as well as two comedies produced by Judd Apatow, “Pineapple Express” and “Forgetting Sarah Marshall.”
Mr. Cavett, you’re just simply wrong on this one.
I had asked, since it was the first time I had ever heard of my uncles having one.
(Why so crazy-expensive??)
They have won seven national championships over all, tied for fourth most with — surprise — Michigan.
WASHINGTON — With Americans eating bad diets and getting fatter by the year, the nation’s produce industry made a bold political calculation.
Mr. Bell, both in Mr. Greenberg’s work and in a scintillating account of the Barber concerto, reminded listeners of his own ample gifts.
His current market-based proposals on health care — which would give consumers tax benefits to buy their own insurance and the poor some combination of tax refunds and vouchers — seem to have him campaigning against his own record in some ways, they say.
Officials said Washington debated sharing security techniques with Pakistan on at least two occasions — right after it detonated its first nuclear arms in 1998, and after the terrorist attack on the United States in 2001.
The return of Steve Logan to college football as Boston College’s offensive coordinator will be embraced by anyone who enjoys wide-open offenses, trick plays and honest answers.
“She knows very well if she doesn’t do anything, she will be Iraq,” a European diplomat and a friend of hers said.
He died of his injuries.
“Then in March it was ‘New York-gate,’” where he was lambasted for having flown to New York on a trip paid for by Ron Burkle, a major real estate developer and political fund-raiser.
“I wanted it done properly,” he says.
The three co-founders believed that they could give these people a foundation for more stable lives by putting them in a rural environment with a full-time “counselor” who paid close attention to their needs.
The final concert by the Berlin Philharmonic is tonight at Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800.
Ms. Lessing debuted with the novel “The Grass is Singing” in 1950, chronicling the relationship between a white farmer’s wife and her black servant.
The inmate, Genarlow Wilson, who is now 21, was 17 when he was caught on videotape having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a drug- and alcohol-fueled New Year’s Eve party in 2003.
I bought a copy of Ulrich Keller’s book and turned immediately to the section on the two photographs.
It’s not obvious to me that the cannonballs were simply moved around.
Virtual acquaintances is accurate.
Every year, Ms. Tormes, a singer who recently released an album called “Limelight,” told herself she would move.
Opened last year, Turandot took six years and $50 to build, and a multicourse meal among its chandeliers and scrolled fireplaces can take almost as long to pay off.
That time was 1969 — disillusionment was going around — and “him” was Hal Ashby, Mr. Jewison’s friend and longtime film editor.
“I’d be surprised if we haven’t crossed it by the end of this year,” said Edward C. Stone, project scientist of the Voyager mission.
As noted by Luca DiGrazia(#21) and MB(#31).
Even when Lucas goes ballistic, beating a man to pulp, the film tosses in a laugh about the proper way to clean a bloodied rug.
SAN ANTONIO, Dec.
This is not a problem with Leopard, because duh!, no one’s yet written a critical business application that runs on OS X, and they never will.
There is a catch.
Porsche signed a deal with its 12,000 workers, giving them and the Volkswagen work force each three seats on the 12-member holding company board.
“We’re not to go above that.
He eschewed the role of celebrity editor, arguing that journalists should not socialize with the people they cover, and leaving it to the magazine’s owner, Malcolm Forbes, to go to parties with the rich and famous.
I have an engineering degree and I know that an electric light produces a brigade of charged particles.
Now, with the lake shriveling to historically low levels, that fight has intensified, and experts predict that without significant rain, Lanier could not only be dry within a year but also reach the end of its readily available storage of water in as little as 66 days.
On Tuesday, the company introduced a Web-only guide to online video.
After all, it’s the consumer who has to pay and his/her own health which matters.
But he said he already has talked to as many as 20 players who said they will donate, and that he expected the number to grow when other players receive a letter he is sending out this week.
But a major supporter of the measure, Senator Larry Craig of Idaho, is avoiding major fights at the moment as he tries to survive a scandal.
Like many other parolees, Mr. Nicholas has had difficulty finding work.
I think everyone is missing the real point here.
NAFTA, CAFTA are steps toward the North American Union and the elimination of the United States of America as a nation.
3 caucuses that kick off the nomination process.
Nicholas Confessore and Wendell Jamieson contributed reporting. i feel as if the destruction of new york city symbolizes the potential destruction of civilization in america when a viewer sees it. whether in rural oklahoma or berlin-a viewer sees the destruction of the urban symbol of the US and their senses become excited. what is the visualization of america without a new york city? and that is why its’ destruction on film works so well to people in the US and abroad.
Kevin Kline applies the famous nose in this Broadway revival (adaptation by Anthony Burgess) blessed with a starry cast, including Daniel Sunjata, Jennifer Garner and Euan Morton (2:40).
The lingering question about the Prudential Center is how many fans will venture there.
A good professor is sensitive to the environment he or she helps create, and alert to its constantly changing dynamic.
She has argued that voluntary compliance by business is the only way to promote safety when an agency as small as hers is charged with overseeing more than 15,000 products.
Almost every detail of the Balenciaga show, from the curvilinear Bugatti lines (taken, in fact, from automobile design) to the precise laser cutting and full-on slap of the prints tells us that Mr. Ghesquiere is also such a person.
From the Library of Congress I learn the plates used were 28 x 36 cm, which is 11 x 14 inches, to this day a common photographic format.
Some time later, Sunni Arab political party members came and were similarly rebuffed.
The most significant fat is that in the OFF photo THERE ARE ALSO FEWER CANNONBALLS IN THE GULLY BESIDE THE ROAD.
Only time will tell if enforcement action from the Fed and others follows all of the regulatory talk.
Mr. Roosevelt said he decided in late 2005 that he needed something like Kalamazoo’s program, after he oversaw the closing of 22 schools because of declining enrollment.
He has never managed a consumer banking business, an area now besieged by the deepening mortgage-related crisis and a struggling credit card division.
Less stringent states, particularly those in the Sun Belt, allow darker tint.
The right side of the room leaped to ovation.
This is exactly what many soldiers fear.
Like several of my contemporaries commenting here, my 70s childhood had very little TV–combined with high-quality parental attention.
But in fact, Maloney tells us, they are places of indoctrination where a left-leaning faculty teaches every subject, including chemistry and horticulture, through the prism of race, class and gender; where minorities and women are taught that they are victims of oppression; where admissions policies are racially gerrymandered; where identity-based programs reproduce the patterns of segregation that the left supposedly abhors; where students and faculty who speak against the prevailing orthodoxy are ostracized, disciplined and subjected to sensitivity training; where conservative speakers like Ward Connerly are shouted down; where radical speakers like Ward Churchill are welcomed; where speech codes mandate speech that offends no one; where the faculty preaches diversity but is itself starkly homogeneous with respect to political affiliation; where professors regularly use the classroom as a platform for their political views; where students parrot back the views they know their instructors to hold; where course reading lists are heavy on radical texts and light on texts celebrating the Western tradition; where the American flag is held in suspicion; where military recruiting personnel are either treated rudely or barred from campus; where the default assumption is that anything the United States and Israel does is evil.
The bank, those executives said, is exploring the possibility of consolidating operations at one site.
Sanders Curtis Gathje, the former official historian of the Plaza hotel, which turned 100 on Oct.
The authors of the article were George P. Shultz, secretary of state in the Reagan administration; Henry Kissinger, secretary of state in the Nixon and Ford administrations; William J. Perry, secretary of defense in the Clinton administration; and Sam Nunn, a former chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Officers can write reports, send and receive messages and tap into law enforcement Web sites.
The success of “Carpentaria” comes at a particularly fraught moment in relations between Aborigines and the Australian government.
Another red herring is the accusation that there is too little patriotism on campus.
Define the issues and solutions as you see them and may the best candidate win.
The seeds are not available on the European market for cultivation.
Defense lawyers said their clients did have a mission, a benign one, to minister to their community, teaching religion and martial arts from a dank building.
But there seemed to be a great deal too much product in the cutely witless “drag.”
My own experience of traveling to other countries opened my mind and changed my life.
Each used viruses to ferry four genes into the skin cells.
25-27 in Annapolis, Md., Israeli coalition members are warning Mr. Olmert not to go too far or get too specific.
David, I know you are big fan of the TiVo series 3, but there is an ominous thing about it that is currently making my life miserable.
Lefferts Historic House, in Prospect Park at Flatbush Avenue and Empire Boulevard, Brooklyn; (718) 965-8999.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Sept.
Information: haughton.com.
Phytochemicals are chemicals created by plants, and especially those that have effects on other creatures.
The intensity of his attachment to the balloon suggests that he’s a lonely, dreamy child, living in his own head, but we can’t be sure; the movie gives us nothing solid to go on.
And investors left for the weekend confident that a rate cut by the Federal Reserve is just around the corner.
In addition, the darker blacks and greater detail in the foreground of the OFF image suggest a longer exposure time (assuming that these are characteristics of the original plate, and not the result of subseuquent processing).
Will they back up their democratic rhetoric with concrete action, or will they once again back down in the face of his bluff?
It, of course provides the answers in the sense that if we recognize that individuals and societies have different values and objectives then one type of government (or one type of religion for that matter) cannot be the answer.
Casa de las Artesanias de Oaxaca (Matamoros 105; 951-516-5062), a courtyard gallery, has it all, including green-glazed pottery from the Atzompa village, hand-dyed weavings from Teotitlán and brightly colored wood figures from San Martín Tilcajete.
They are part of an ancient land division system called ahupuaa, in which nature's resources are cared for and harvested in pie-slice segments extending from ocean to forest.
This is audible in the queen’s two arias on Ms. Damrau’s new CD, “Arie di Bravura,” to be released next month by Virgin Classics.
As a pet owner, I can attest that once you’ve become accustomed to a certain breed of lap dog, you tend to remain as loyal to it, as it remained loyal to you.
Excerpted by permission.
25 — Europe, which once hoped to avoid major fallout from last summer’s credit crisis, is now feeling an autumn chill of slackening economies and warnings of further market upheaval.
If there had been red ahead of the yellow, we would have known it was a traffic jam and perhaps detoured.
He has done some really good ones and very few really bad ones.
“But by the time you delve down to an N800, nobody’s ever heard of it, nobody’s going to know anything about it — photos from the Tokyo show, and that’s it.
7 crash on the Bronx River Parkway, which killed Bernard Cecere, 84, of Yonkers and his wife, Phyllis, 82.
(AP) -- Dallas center Mike Modano broke Phil Housley's NHL record for career points by an American-born player with two quick goals in the opening minutes of the Stars' 3-1 victory over the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday night.
“The Reluctant Fundamentalist,” by Mohsin Hamid.
The couple, who married two and a half years ago, first met in New York as she was leaving for Europe.
The top law firms have been stuck in copycat mode for years.
On the picture with canonballs on the road, the shadows are sitting lower on the balls and the bright light area on top of the canonballs is larger and extending further down the shadow side than on the picture with no balls on the road.
I’m just glad to be commenting so my own taxes get audited.
Antromorphism as used in most both author’s arguments is absolutely inapplicable.
I remember watching him at the School of American Ballet decades later, always with a woolen cap on his head to keep the heat in the furnace, standing at the barre with such focused concentration that his tendu almost seared the floor, making him the center of the room.
Student anticipation of the Alabama game — and the chance to defeat Saban — has been so pervasive for months, “It’s almost like you don’t want to go to class,” said running back Jacob Hester.
Just remember that a lot of people don’t know quite as much about cars — or their mechanic — as they think they do.
By Vaclav Havel.
It’s difficult to argue with Bellotti.
The five-story rowhouse has no elevator, but a hotel spokeswoman said a porter was available to carry luggage.
Favre was pressured on his first pass attempt Sunday, and he blindly winged a pass far down field for Jennings that was intercepted by Darren Sharper.
Tom Perkins, the venture capitalist, says bubbles aren’t so bad.
In the end, however, L.S.U. had too much firepower — to the relief of its fans, who wanted a victory against Saban in the worst way.
Through the story of a lawyer and his estranged wife, DeLillo resurrects the world as it was on 9/11, in all its mortal dread, high anxiety and mass confusion.
Andy, I really like your phrase “trajectory of understanding” (and your pointer to Spencer Weart’s site for the historical picture of that trajectory in the climate science case).
Six months later, the 42nd Street booster Walter J. Salmon hired the new partnership to design a 60-story office building at the northwest corner of 42nd and Fifth, considered the second most valuable corner in New York — the first being the southeast corner of Wall Street and Broadway.
(Mayor LaGuardia had three police commissioners in three terms).
What’s left out, of course, is the middle, and that’s exactly where the show’s creator, director and choreographer, Marion J. Caffey, is aiming.
Last spring, when four of the elderly women died, the luncheonette closed for several weeks and, like most of the institutions in a once-vibrant Slavic enclave that has since yielded to hipsters, seemed destined to vanish entirely.
The heavy-set Mr. Jewell, with a country drawl and a deferential manner, became an instant celebrity after a bomb exploded in Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta in the early hours of July 27, 1996, at the midpoint of the Summer Games.
Even standard fare — rustic fruit tarts and croissants — was not that familiar here six years ago, Mr. Forkish said, but he believes the population has quickly become more worldly.
So, here I am again, 12 years since my corporeal demise, but with no hairs out of place, disgorging my weighty opinions.
Still, given the resources available, you have to wonder whether the Philharmonic’s time is best spent playing yet another respectful “Messiah.”
Analysts predict earnings of $3.45 per share on revenue of $13.01 billion.
Lenders would have to provide “reasonably reliable evidence” of a person’s income, a definition that Fed officials said would allow small business owners and others whose income may be erratic or difficult to confirm to arrange a subprime mortgage.
Testifying before Congress last year about one case, Yahoo’s legal counsel said the company was unaware of the nature of the investigation.
Jonathan Supranowitz, a Knicks spokesman, said the team had no comment about the proposed demonstration.
Now “you have to have a model.”
Most major not-for-profit theaters have student outreach programs or discount offers for younger theatergoers.
Games have become a backward-looking medium.
One day he fainted from hunger.
Among other benefits, this would mean Toyota could introduce a plug-in Prius without a major model change.
The once-bulky devices have also shrunk, to three to five inches in width.
Through simple questioning, Ben Stein gets Dawkins to admit that, based on the evidence, life on this planet probably was designed, but it was designed by an intelligent life from from another planet, a life form that itself evolved!
Mr. Elbaz used a deep lagoon blue in his spring Lanvin show, and one found lighter but no less robust shades in collections by Marni and Chloé, and in the men’s lines of Prada and Alexander McQueen.
With passenger demand staying firm and most planes full on most routes, the airlines for the first time in many years are raising fares “simply because they can,” said Terry Trippler, an online air fare analyst.
Despite several features that were not necessarily innovations — a vertical grille, self-adjusting brakes, Teletouch transmission buttons on the steering wheel and a floating speedometer that glowed when a preset speed was reached — the Edsel was panned by the public.
The institution, which is housed in a tower close to the heart of the campus, has had close ties to Republican administrations, including Mr. Bush’s.
The loans were aimed at students who might not qualify for traditional loans because they had a shaky or nonexistent credit history and were unable to have a parent co-sign.
He echoed a theme expressed by many on blogs and in the streets after the breakup.
By contrast, Harrison had an allocation of 307 for 2000 and has a new allocation of 756 for 2015.
For consumers, it’s pricier and not as convenient,” said Lester Ding, who shopped last week at Ambassador Toys for gifts for a niece and nephew.
“We’ve got everything on our side except for Mother Nature,” said State Assemblywoman Julia Brownley, who represents the area.
“Beckett Shorts” continues through Jan.
He has been a frequent contributor to Doonesbury's "The Sandbox," and lives in Salt Lake City with his two children, where he is working on a non-fiction book about his experiences in Iraq.
The exhibition will run through Nov.
I have been afflicted with clinical depression for most of my life.
Similar demonstrations by Westboro Baptist Church members have prompted several states, including Maryland, to establish limits on funeral protests.
At the moment, there are several.
(Harris, for instance, scored a 22 on the ACT test — slightly above the national average and well below the U.C.L.A. average.)
The thorniest problem she and the teachers face is preparing the children and mothers for separations once the children reach 6.
If he had his way, he would cut off Internet access — but not e-mail — for a vast majority of employees, and set up dedicated workstations for people to use when they really needed the Web for their work.
The point of this reply to the defense of the Senator, is he was trying to bury this, he tried to use his senatorial clout to get out of it first.
Furthermore, these pockmarks appear to share the same dimension as the cannonballs.
I have high hopes that the truth, for our time, is out there somewhere.
At the time it was published, “What It Takes” was just the latest entry in a series of increasingly postmodern dispatches from the front lines of electoral politics.
Miller will have the tactical advantage of being able to train with the Austrians and Norwegians, who may welcome the intensity (and large support staff) he takes to a training session.
The Sundance Film Festival, begun more than two decades ago by Robert Redford, has become a hothouse for the crossing of art with commerce, with Hollywood producers searching for the next breakout hit — “Little Miss Sunshine” being the best recent example — and aspiring auteurs hoping to be discovered.
When it comes to the food, skip the printed menu and make a beeline for the open grill at the back of the beer garden.
Both parts of its two-section body were encircled by separate frames and cushioned by dodgem-car-type rubber bumpers.
Either way, thanks for your inexhaustibly inquisitive spirit.
The sole motivation of one character, Lady Lurewell, is to wreak vengeance on the entire male race, which makes for one prank after another as she inflicts maximum embarrassment on as many of her would-be suitors as possible.
Prior to that performance he’d only met Mr. van Hove through Elizabeth Marvel, Mr. Camp’s wife and a favorite actress of Mr. van Hove’s.
Bring up medical marijuana and see where everyone comes out.
I don’t see anything more than the vertical surface disturbance of wheels.
A lawyer for Ms. Spitsyna, Howard Kirsch, said he had little information about the case and was beginning to review documents.
In time, the office at 270 Broadway ran not only atom research and materials acquisition but also the building of whole nuclear cities in Tennessee, New Mexico and Washington State.
So let’s look at OFF, which has relatively darker ground compared to the ruts in the road.
The financial investment causes a special pressure on the team and team management.
Maybe this was his inspiration to distribute more spheres, realizing that the off state isn’t the typical state of battle.
Are sellers and buyers polite and trusting as they deal under intense pressure — the first to sell out highly perishable merchandise, the second to get the best value for family, shop or restaurant?
And at that moment, something in Treekape’s voice, his steady, too steady, voice, made Oakwood doubt his answer very much.
Yet TutorVista, analysts say, is different in a number of ways.
He is the country’s pre-eminent cultural historian and the author of masterpieces of social and intellectual reimagining including “The Enlightenment,” “Weimar Culture,” “Freud” and the towering multi-volume study “The Bourgeois Experience.”
Emile Hirsch as Christopher McCandless in a scene from “Into the Wild,” Sean Penn’s adaptation of the book by Jon Krakauer.
8 P.M. (22, 26) THE WAR: THE GHOST FRONT In Europe, the Battle of the Bulge; in the Pacific, the battle for Iwo Jima.
Also, I dispute the idea that the shadows are longer in the ON photo.
There have been athiests as long as there have been theists.
For example, John Edwards is far more progressive in just about every way.
The changes on U.C.L.A.’s campus were hard to miss.
“There is a base expectation that athletes are coming to us healthy and ready to train,” said Natalie Harlan, the training center’s director.
Despite all this, there still is a consensus right now among people who track the statistics that rape and sexual assault are on the decline.
But Westbrook does have a devastating sinkerball, and oh my, how it sunk the Red Sox.
One response to China’s truck-pollution problem would be to ban older trucks.
''It's a bit like learning how to turn lead into gold,'' said Lanza, while cautioning that the work is far from providing medical payoffs.
Or a séance.
One reason this has moved slowly is that consumer electronics companies would much rather push users to new high-definition DVDs (in either the Blu-Ray or HD DVD formats) than extend the usefulness of the current format, on which they earn little selling players.
